The also mention the effect on the night sky, an issue we raised in our report, which again was ignore by Lancing Parish Council!. “The use of all lighting, including that of the indoor football pitch dome, should be the subject of a planning condition to ensure that it is only utilised at appropriate times and when necessary to safeguard the ‘dark skies’ of the adjacent NP.“
2% Crystal 40
I gave Nick S a call before I got there and he told me that Tim CC was on his way up to get it, so I did a quick pass 500′ over a couple of pilots on takeoff, then headed back over Aber.
The message of Journey of the Universe shows how we are not just a part of this astonishing process, we are at the very edge of evolution, a primate species that has found in its language and symbols the power to take over the very evolutionary process itself. But this control that we now exercise comes with a responsibility; and viewers of Journey of the Universe will not only be imbued with a sense of astonishment at all that has taken place, they will also come to feel the excitement in learning that now we live in a time when the human species is being asked to play a central role in activating the flourishing powers of Earth’s living systems.
She narrowed her eyes. “Yes, but…well, this really isn’t what I had in mind.”
Jim discloses that he was looking at a wall comprised of hundreds upon hundreds of infant bodies, all wrapped in Buddhist ceremonial fabrics, stacked one upon another. Again, Garrow provides no clues with which to test the veracity of this statement, and its purpose seems designed to re-enforce the Western view that the Chinese kill their unwanted daughter's wholesale, against all verifiable evidence to the contrary. (For a short overview of different "Blood Libel" accusations in history, read "Fetus Food: Another Urban Legend Busted", eSkeptic, March 21, 2012).
As bad as the black parts of a banana.
Article and images by José Soto
At the guide’s feet was a thin, white line, perhaps two inches wide, that was comprised of some kind of granular powder. It stretched off in either direction, curving away into the fiery haze of the silent, dead wood. “Is that salt?” Stolik asked, nudging it with his toe.
4. Samdong/Hyemi. Hyemi quotes Samdong's words to Baekhee after the big onstage "dance of gliterry swans," and he overhears and is proud that Hyemi remembered what he said. Cue the adorable cheek-kiss.
10. Yesterday, I was reminded how great a family I’ve got. My older sister was fighting a sinus headache and went to bed early, so my brother-in-law, who doesn’t often feel well, took charge of little A. until bedtime, when my mom took over. Before that, my mom was finishing a project for work, so I was able to clean the kitchen and make a cake she had to have for today. That’s the sort of thing my mom has taught us and it’s really wonderful to be able to help each other. My dad is great to help out, too, as are Sisters #1 and #2, though Sis #2 isn’t home that often. I just love the attitude of servanthood in a house. It makes life so much easier for everyone!
Let's see... Ty is currently applying for other jobs. He's applying in Alaska as well as here in Bellingham. He applied at a Jewelers amongst other things. Good timing if he gets that, Christmas sales will be up.
Now we have animal poems on our agenda for this morning.
I paused. Because life had taught me a lot of things by this point and one of them was – not everyone wants to know the truth all the time. They want to tell you SOME things, so you’ll know they have a life. Maybe they want you to think it’s cool or eccentric, maybe they’re looking for comfort. What they don’t want you to do, is tell them how you really feel, which in this case was APPALLED.
1. Place the spinach, tomato paste, ginger, and garlic in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth.
4. Offense is a four part sin. It takes a sender and a receiver. It also can be deliberate and unintentional.
In "The Grand Design," co-authored with U.S. physicist Leonard Mlodinow, Hawking says a new series of theories made a creator of the universe redundant, according to the Times newspaper which published extracts on Thursday.
Hendrix first looked deeper into marital psychology after his marriage ended in 1975. He thought the prevailing therapy of the time, loosely termed ‘conflict resolution’, focused too much on compromise. “What we found, and what the whole discipline of marital therapy in America found, was that it simply didn’t work, because a part of us is always resentful if we have to give things up,” he says. “Also, it was very cognitive – ‘there’s the problem, here’s the solution’. Like fixing a car. But people are not like machines.”
This was a trip that almost didn't happen. Flight prices were all over the place and just when I found a REALLY good deal (like $140 round trip) the prices shot up the next day and then a few days after that, the airline filed for bankruptcy and cancelled every flight until May! Every other airline was so expensive out of every city and I just became discouraged. That is, until I found a flight out of Grand Rapids, MI through AirTran. For about $220 round trip and with decent flight times. We've never flown out of Grand Rapids before but the airport will be really simple to get to and will be shorter drive than we're used to going to Detroit.
Menehune Longboard Final 14 & Under, M/F)
1 pound sea scallops (make sure you buy them dry and not wet, as wet have been soaked in water and will not brown as readily in the pan.
The thermal baths included latrines and, in the most developed type, a pool and gymnasium. They were often furnished with open spaces and gardens and played an integral part of the peoples lives for this is not only where they bathed but also where they met to socialize.
This should be a dedicated air superiority platform with no surface attack or reconnaissance rolls. It should be designed with dog fighting as its primary function and therefore have the agility to defeat any hostile aircraft it meets. Its attributes should include;
Chit-chatting with her while she was picking up groceries picked me a bit as well.
The Brother machine is $250 while the Janome is $450. The Brother machine has 90 built in stitches, including monograms, while the Janome only has 50. I can't say I will definitely use all the built in stitches but the capability to monogram could be pretty awesome. However, the Janome is available from the trusted local repair shop I took my baby to, while the Brother would have to be order online from someone. I did briefly play around with the Janome at the repair shop and though it was pretty standard machine that will work wonderfully but at almost twice the cost of the Brother it is hard justify. Although my Janome serger is a trooper. I have had it for 6-7 years and have (wince) never had it serviced or oiled and it still runs wonderfully, just a little nosier. Does anyone have experience with either of these machines and/or brands that they can help me decide?
I take a spray bottle of homemade wipe solution, a few prestuffed pocket diapers, a small grovia wet bag (which holds about 4-6 diapers), a small bag with plenty of cloth wipes, and a changing mat in my diaper bag whenever we go out. I place everything dirty in the wet bag, pull the draw string tight, place it in the diaper bag and it works really well for us. We don't have issues with bad smells and I prefer to use cloth on the go even though it means more to carry around, because with cloth, we don't have messy blowouts that end up on his clothes. It actually saves me more time. .
‘Breitbart.com’s Joel Pollak explained that the ‘Forward’ “borrows…from decades of communist iconography.”
How has your weekend been? While the boys in our house were busy yesterday morning at rugby & rowing, I had a lovely time sewing away in my wee corner listening to Coldplay...it was wonderful! Hopefully I'll get the projects finished tomorrow so I'll have something to show you then.
Aerobic exercise is the best choice to lose belly fat A head-to-head comparison of aerobic exercise, resistance training, and a combination of the two reveals aerobic exercise to be the most efficient and effective way to lose the belly fat that's most damaging to your health. while resistance training is great for improving strength and body mass, aerobic exercise helps you burn more calories. What counts is how much exercise you do according to Duke University Researchers.
And it was so.
1And Job made answer and said,
On Monday Bear goes to have blood work done and see a Doctor and have more tests done. Then on the 28th October he will start a series of injections, Filgrastim, to increase his stem cells. On 1 November they will remove the stem cell via taking blood, removing stem cells then putting the blood back into his body. It is called peripheral blood stem cell donation and if I had any medical know how, I would probably put it in better terms.
I assumption I can say that my TV watching habits as a kid in actuality angled the artisan I became. I'm just in actuality animated Beyblade didn't await on abundant metal or country for their action music. Who knows beyond I'd be then...
Little Man is babbling more today. He crawls around saying "ba ba ba". It is so precious (and a little sad, knowing that in 2 short years he will be talking nonstop to the point where I'm begging him to watch a movie so he stops talking). Every mother deserves a little quiet time. :)
If the person in question must lose some weight, in order to reach her/his healthy weight, it is a healthy option for her/him to choose a long term weight loss program, which causes loss of the body’s fat, while preserving the muscles mass. To obtain this successfully, she/he must control her/his appetite, by eating when he/she is physically hungry, cutting the saturated and hydrogenated fats by 20 to 25% of the total of the intake calories, but not the unsaturated fats; the carbohydrate intake must be cut between 10 to 20% of the total of intake calories, but not more, as it may causes side effects; the proteins must be increased by 1.6gr per each kg of body’s weight.
Yesterday had more to do with our little girl. She had a "I can't breathe, because I'm choking" moment Sunday night/Monday morning which scared her and terrified Mom and Dad. After some reading, we think she was choking on her own spit because she's teething, but whatever the reason, it took a long time to calm her down and I felt a need to sleep in after getting very little sleep that night, and therefore, did not blog.
I signed on and besides ink ordered toilet paper, paper towels and other things I can’t live/work without.
How's that for alliteration? If you read my blog last week, you'll know that it was my first week at my graduate job! It was nerve-wracking, confusing and overwhelming, but really really exciting too. I wasn't given too many tips or restrictions when it comes to attire, with my boss simply stipulating 'it would probably be best to dress how you would for a job interview', but I played it really safe my first week. The first day my makeup was incredibly neutral (and disgusting, I pretty much sweated it all off before I got there because of nerves) and I got a little more adventurous as the week went on. I took cues from the other girl who works there (there are only 2 other people on our team), since she seems to be into makeup too.
Shutter speed : 1/2.5 seconds
Sample of recent academic writing
I'm aware that some people believe that God sends hardships to test them this way. We lose people we love, we suffer great disappointments in life and grieve over losses. Personally, I don't believe God sends these things.
This Psalm is a beatitude and it stands at the front of our most ancient song book/book of prayers. The Psalmist puts before us two paths. On one path walks the blessed person; on the other walks the wicked. And if the blessed one never steps foot onto the path of the wicked, we can be sure and certain that the wicked person never steps foot on the path of the righteous person. The Lord watches over the way of the righteous, but the way of the wicked? It appears not so much since their way will be destroyed.
This GOP Fembot/televangelist/CIA-controlled asset was raised in tightly structured military environment, a living “Caribou Barbie Doll” — initial early age base trauma inflicted in Sandpoint Idaho, then transplanted to Alaska at three yrs old – only travelled outside U.S. once before Hong Kong trip in 2009 –a blank slate for her programmers/handlers to use while pimping her out, riding wave of angst, driven by fear/ignorance/economic losses suffered by rabid fans, deluded as to her origins/purpose — SarahPac, phony Legal Defense Fund, Harper Collins book tour, speaking fees @ $100-200K each — Alaskan MK Kitty continues to fill coffers of Bilderberger Rupert Murdoch’s media empire…
The Kay Bob’s name is a play on kebabs. The meat line-up is kebab-esque in preparation and it’s a simple choice of seven combinations right now. Each sandwich is a puffy, white, flat bread wrap. The Tammie Rae brings ties together barbecue chicken, Cole slaw and melted Jack cheese. It’s straightforward and satisfying. The Uncle Bob is a burger wrapped up with lettuce, tomato and your choice of sauce. The horseradish sauce is a bit tame, but the quality of the local beef stands out with a pleasant sweetness. The sides include crispy and thick-cut sweet potato chips; a mellow and chilled black bean and corn salad; skinny hand-cut fries; and flavorful sweet sesame slaw with a crunch from Raman.
My question for you lovely readers is this...
I hope you'll consider sending a card or a few cards to help the children in the hospital. And may God bless you in your own card-making!
You can have this experience at home with Forever's Stovetop Espresso Maker. Using a pressurized steam system to force pressurized gaseous water through the coffee beans, you won't be able to tell its espresso from store bought. It's so good, in fact, that world espresso champion Drea du Mandionne always takes one with her when she is camping. Her taste is unimpeachable, so this is clearly a quality item.
Iván - What is your favorite local find? Where did you get this item – how long have you had it?
4 oz semi-sweet chocolate
He still had a weakness, though. If his confidence dropped so did his power levels. He was possibly of huge feats of strength, but it was always possible that they could fail. And for a guy who always strives to do the right thing, and be seen as The Good Guy, there were many plausible and interesting ways a writer could manipulate to use that advantage against him.
Then I was flat on my back. I had the sparkly checkerboards of recovering consciousness dancing around the edges of my vision, and Jeff was standing over me. He looked genuinely concerned as he played the instrumental part while tapping me with his foot.
The story opens as her deceased grandmother leads her to Rosehill – a rundown Georgian manor house. And where most of us would probably find the house entirely empty, Camilla, a medium, senses the spirits of a variety of visitors to the house and is able to communicate with many.
(This is why I said make sure you buy at least three spoons so you can practice)
2. The summer weather, no matter how hot, entices me to stay forever, but I always know what comes around in late October.
It's from the book
If you belong to list-servs or participate in chat rooms or any other online communications you are aware of the benefits. I am on an list-serv from the Getty Foundation called Teacher ArtExchange. In the many years I have belonged I have only posted a couple of times but I am always reading what others post and learn a great deal.
This story is now coming out, and we have some alternative news about uprising within America by “patriots” who want mass arrests of the criminals who have betrayed the American people and stolen our wealth.
Anyway, back to my cards from today. My first card is for the Crafter’s Companion challenge this month which is to use the colours pink and green. I have used one of my new SWALK stamps that I have had for a while but never used…I know…hanging my head in shame! I have coloured her in using my Spectrum Noir pens and am continuing to practice my shading…what do you think? It is a work in progress! I have used a few pearls to finish her off as well as a fab sentiment I received in a crafty swap that I took part in.
Horovitz: Our responsibility is to maintain our moral standards. That’s a very important starting point because in matters of war it can sometimes get blurred. People are always talking about factors like international law, public opinion, the Western world – that is, outside factors that we’re supposed to match up to. No, I say we have to uphold our own standards.
Easy Bake Oven I also did not have an Easy Bake Oven
There is a lot that would be said..
Today, I have a smile in my heart. I ran home on lunch to grab a bite, and right behind me was the Fed Ex man. He hoped out jolly as an Elf, and called out, "Lindsay, this is Your Lucky Day!" I knew what he had for me, and he handed me the box, and ask for my signature, wished me a "Merry Christmas" and then off he went, bounding up the truck again before driving gown my street off to deliver another smile to someone.
Yeshua (Jesus) had the role of a prophet first (which would seem to be the linen turban), currently is a high priest (probably the blue threads), and some day, He will take up his rightful place on the throne of David, thus making him a king (the gold tzitz).
We have been noticing how Buddy seems to favor his left hand when ever he wants to get something and are wondering if he will be left handed or if it's too soon to be able to tell.
The faithfulness of God not trusted.
Also I’ll be updating twice a week, instead of trhee times, so I can draw more detailed and smoother pages.
Lee Davies
How to Claim the 7 Charisms Contained Within You
High priests of wisdom, sweetness, might, and bliss,
One of the things that came to light in their suit against McDonalds is that by Russian consumer law, McDonalds can not legally call their milk-shakes, milk-shakes but instead milk-containing shakes, since they put large amounts of vegetable oil in the shake instead of milk fat.
This 1940s Vogue jacket pattern has been wanting to be made for some time, but I've never found the right fabric. I don't think this red & black wool is perfect but it will give the jacket a bit of a 'Pendleton' look which I'm quite keen on.
Back in January we did the Daniel fast and I really was so impressed with how much better I felt in eating clean non-processed foods. And the time has come to really start incorporating that into everyday life.
1 T soy sauce
Look out of the window Mr Aylard doesn’t your statement seem just a little bit crass? There is your raw material falling out of the sky, free and gratis. You do not have to pay for any of it. When we have a dry spell what action do you take? restriction! You cut the usage, impose hose pipe bans, put standpipe’s in the streets. But what do you invest to increase capacity of supply, do you build new reservoirs? No of course not, better to drain them and sell the land for housing. Increase underground storage? No Way! How about stopping the leaks from your distribution system? Hundreds of Millions of gallons soak away into the ground every day because you do not maintain it properly and what does OFFWAT do to regulate this monopoly industry? very little. The same people all living in one another’s pockets.
When I tell him it's my father's discharge papers from WWII, he says "Oh yeah?"- in that kind of faux enthusiasm of a generation mired in indifference- so I can tell right away he's not really that interested but the old man standing next to me says" Oh yeah?! like I just woke something up in him like he's the ancient mariner who no one listens to anymore.
However, two questions should be asked of the “it’s too soon” criticism:
It began mundane enough. A man named similarly as the world’s Harry Potter-figure turned out to be more similar to that character in more ways than one. Soon enough he was journeying through various stories, myths, and tropes as he undertook one quest after another. First he sought his father, the man who created him, and eventually he ran after the source of the magical strangeness that has suddenly befallen his life.
(images courtesy of Flickr)
Yes, all the profits from the sale of the JUST BREATHE trilogy will go to programs that educate people about whales. I don’t need the money. Whales do.
The other night I ran across a new-to-me group called Rend Collective Experiment. I'm totally loving it, lots of good lyrics that actually glorify Christ. Sadly, even in so-called Christian music this is a rarity!
Tournament Director Matt Meade, who coaches the 14-under Lake Erie Waves, is pleased to see how the event has grown since its inception. He said the inclusion of more out-of-state teams has upped the competition, benefiting everyone involved.
Rumors of my death have been greatly exaggerated! I'm not dead, and I haven't been very stampy this week, either. Why? Well, it's certainly not for lack of supplies! Nope! I'm taking the online class by Tim Holtz called Creative Chemistry 101, wherein he's trying to teach us all how to use the Ranger products most of us already have. It's actually quite embarrassing.
I love homemade cards with lace and glitter, I think telling someone what they mean to you shouldn't be reserved for one day. I love when my husband will just start dancing with me in the kitchen when there is no music on.
Resolutions only show what you intend.
I really wanted to make a happy song, because the two we wrote before this one were kind of surly and grumpy. I decided that the song was to be called Happy Monday, inspired by the band Happy Mondays. It was the last song we wrote for the album, and it was actually written while we were mixing the other songs. The pace of the song is considerably slower than the rest on the album, and we’ve already talked about going in that direction regarding the next record.
South America has loads of churches. Some of them are awe-inspiring like the one in Cusco, which has a great painting of the last supper with a roast guinea pig in the centre of the table. Others are bare brick buildings that have probably been pillaged of all their valuable objects over time. Most are relics of the colonial days when the Spanish and Portuguese came and forced their religion on the indigenous people, so there is usually some kind of torrid history.
Dish: Caramelized Cauliflower & Onion Soup.
Needless to say every tiny thing has irritated me very irrationally today and if it weren’t for the kids I would have hid or gone to a very large hill and sat there, looked out at the view and cried, and laughed and smiled, remembering dear Debs.
-Paint (optional)
Do those things, god damnit, because nothing sucks worse than a girl who reads. Do it, I say, because a life in purgatory is better than a life in hell. Do it, because a girl who reads possesses a vocabulary that can describe that amorphous discontent as a life unfulfilled—a vocabulary that parses the innate beauty of the world and makes it an accessible necessity instead of an alien wonder. A girl who reads lays claim to a vocabulary that distinguishes between the specious and soulless rhetoric of someone who cannot love her, and the inarticulate desperation of someone who loves her too much. A vocabulary, god damnit, that makes my vacuous sophistry a cheap trick.
I took a Xanax when I got here, I’m really hoping it kicks in soon. I’ve got stuff to do today.
the witness of previous generations of scholars is reviewed;
So, this brings us to December 2010 when I did something obnoxious to my foot.
I can never be what you need.
17) Leeroy Jenkins
Join come and join us for lots of fun and prizes.
The Emergency was a savage war in which an estimated 12,000 people died. Did Comber ever have to do anything he was ashamed of?
So, I now own an autographed copy of "The Pioneer Woman Cooks". And, I have several pictures of Ree and a picture of me kneeling next to her, proving that I was really there. I really did meet her. The Pioneer Woman. Very cool. :)
Perales: This book I edited with my colleague and good friend Raul Ramos, who also teaches at the University of Houston. It is a collection of essays initially presented at the Texas State Historical Association Annual Conference in Corpus Christi in 2008 (The TSHA will be meeting in El Paso in Spring 2011). There are pieces by established and up and coming scholars.
All part of the system - red, blue, green, rainbow bright.
Jesus is the way to God’s forgiveness. He’s the only way.
This second Map is the one that came out of my efforts in Microsoft Paint. All I did was I take the middle part of the map and cut it out and pasted it into a new image and saved that file. Then I erased the extraneous stuff I don't want to keep it from being cluttered using the Eraser Tool. I then used the Line Draw Tool to paint in the details I wanted. I used various thickness lines and colors to distinguish elements of the map from one another. That includes the main road (green), the section walls that divide neighborhoods (brown), the main channels for water (either underground or above ground), and the Main Pipes that go from the Water Tower to the fountains. I included a bridge which I painted in using the Line Tool. I then added text to the image in Georgia font to make it pretty, and used the line tool to show where these places are located.
As I was trying to coupon, and get my stuff ready for my freebie frenzy in the morning, Mr. Cuddles thought he needed to do his grooming on my new laptop!! WTH?!
Everything that money could buy
4) L. has a great imagination and is creative and expressive and joyful.
First time I failed to donate … boo hoo to me!
In addition to the the installation of a new Soundcraft modular broadcast mixing console and two Tascam CD players, all existing studio equipment was removed, cleaned, serviced and reinstalled within a four-day period. Furthermore, customized wiring looms and system interconnects were fabricated and installed. After a smooth switchover from their back up studio, the new system has been met with enthusiasm from the many presenters who have struggled along with the old equipment for so long.
In other news, it was very hot yesterday and it is very hot today. I have been working in shorts. I'm not sure how long I want this to continue for.
Hello crafters,
It was the best I had read anything in a long time also because the longer I read the more I felt this story was more about my daughter than a capless pen.
We won’t be ghosts or angels, floating around somewhere. Jesus was not resurrected as a spirit – he had a physical body. On several occasions after he was raised, he sat down and ate with the disciples. He promises us resurrection bodies also (1 Corinthians 15). He promises us a new heavens and new earth (Revelation 21 & 22) where will live and love and do the things we love to do, and be connected to God and to each other without the destruction and cruelty of sin and sorrow.
Odd name for the first post on a new blog, isn’t it? After all, I’m typing these words on yet another electronic device, right? Sending them out into a mysterious, virtual reality created by the technology of our day…
The White House today is proposing to pay for its new jobs bill entirely with tax increases.
Row 6: Knit
I'm going to finish up the post here.
Catherine Lutz argues militarization is connected to “militant nationalisms and fundamentalisms... to the less visible deformation of human potentials into the hierarchies of race, class, gender, and sexuality, and to the shaping of national histories in ways that glorify and legitimate military action” (Lutz 2002:723). Ndé memory and Oral Tradition today narrate
I thought that they were both creative and fun suggestions to a problem we all face in the slow, transitional bits of our writing. It got me thinking: Wouldn't it be fun to have a topic that you went to in those situations? A topic that you pull out of your bag of tricks to make your characters get their butts moving? My current project is a MG fantasy, so I don't think a shower would be quite appropriate for them. Disneyland might be good, but I think I'd like to come up with something completely different.
Land Area : Approximately 1.4 H.A.
You can't go wrong at the Austin Music Hall starting with Black Joe Lewis, Raphael Saadiq, Smokey Robinson, and Sharon Jones.
When in my mind your lips touch my lips
And now for some inspiration from Mary, our wonderful guest from The Ribbon Girl, and from our great Design Team.....
1. I always forget to send cards even though I make a ton of them!!!
30. Caffeine decreases your ability to absorb calcium, magnesium, sodium, zinc and chloride. This increases your risk of a whole host of illnesses including osteoporosis.
I still can't believe that America actually voted Obama into office. I hear people say, "I'm going to give him a chance." SERIOUSLY?! You can't see that Obama literally spending away your social security and Medicare? You can't see that he is just adding to the MASSIVE DEBT we are already in? This stimulus package IS NOT a good thing... it's very very BAD! I also believe people are more emotionally tied to Obama than they should be... I heard Rush Limbaugh say, "I hope Obama fails." Well, many people were offended by that comment... Did he say that about you? No, he said it about Obama... why are YOU offended? Rush mean't that comment in the hopes that people would see who Obama really is and NOT be re-elected. The reason "you" are offended is because you care too much about the man and not enough about HIS polices. Which is EXACTLY how Obama wants you to feel... and for some reason the American PEOPLE don't see that! I do... I see right through him.
This picture is to show you that we decided to let the liquid nails sit overnight so we put a lot of weight on top of the building plates to make sure there was a nice and solid attachment.
I dumped my phone again. Just so I'd have something for you.
Good MORNING! My phone battery died last night, out of no where. I left my charger at work and all of the stores were closed. So my phone was temporarily out of service for the night. This morning I grabbed my phone to take with me as normal. My daughter said, “Mom, your phone is dead, but you’re carrying it like it still works.” Before I could answer her, my son replied, “her phone power is dead for now, but as soon as she plugs it up or fix the problem it will work again.”
So, going under general anesthesia to have the toe nail removed was the best option. We showed up at the surgery center at 6 a.m., and they took her back within 20 minutes. Everyone on the staff was so wonderful. They played with her and really calmed her down (and me, too).
· The popular Adventure Line of rugged, water-safe, eco-friendly footwear has also expanded with over 15 styles. The Minnie and Amazon for girls both come in pediped’s new summer color pool. Fin, Delmar and Sahara are three new boys’ styles making their debut, all with bright pops of color.
From ‘til Dawn is the first Quentin Tarantino film to show up on Apocalypse Cinema. Not the most auspicious film to start with, but I am certain many more Tarantino offerings with appear before it is all said and done. I have to bow to my 31 horror film reviews plan, which has already been thrown for a loop enough already.
"Baby, did you know that there are some kiddos that don't get toys at all for Christmas?"
So this morning when I logged onto my Mozilla Firefox browser, like I do everyday...
"I had far worse discipline problems than ever I had in London".
Me: “Yeah! It’s great.”
Let it sit there like a glowing light in the dark waiting for you to bask in it.
Holy time, healing news
Fareda: I can’t wash it off. It takes two days before this kind of paint washes off.
Our second daughter developed a lump under her chin in the recent past. This is actually the second time in the half year. My husband and I have been busy with this issue in the past few days and it looks like we might get busier in the next few days. Our second one is doing just fine despite the growing lump. She has no idea what’s going on, which I find a blessing. My husband and I had to make some decisions. We decide to do something, then we question ourselves if we’re making the right decision or not. I feel pretty confident that everything will go well. At the same time, there are always unknowns. Parenting is not for the faint of heart.
Here are her latest obsessions.
Celery Green DP which was a RAK from J......
I think effectively communicating the knowledge of economics to the public can help to a degree. But even with a better education, economics will always collide with ideology. The ideology will win most of the time. It is a tough battle to fight, but I have hope that we can continue to hammer facts out of data and make stronger and stronger cases over the long run. Of course, as a famous fellow once said, in the long run….
I now knew what a muffin was in castellano. I was prepared for future ordering.
The five member judging panel, chaired by Hon. Eugene R. Sullivan, will select one winner from the short list which will be announced by The Patron of the Award, The Lord Mayor of Dublin, Cllr. Emer Costello on Thursday June 17th 2010.
Last week, Perry and British comic Brand signed papers to finalize their divorce in June; despite no prenup, Brand did not request spousal support or a share of Perry’s massive earnings. Perry signed her documents with a smiley face.
Wasn’t amendments to current environmental policies and practices part of your manifesto and 120 plan? (Prakash, all yuh forget?)
From what I learned about how public schools handle bullying, the right thing to do is always to tell an adult, but it’s not generally going to do any good. There are certain kinds of people whose lives are just plain worth less to everyone else, and members of those groups always learn where they stand sooner or later.
16. A stack of Thomas Kinkaid greeting cards
The recent upsurge in Miles Davis’ popularity is mainly due to an album entitled “Bitches Brew.” Released in the spring of 1970, it was the subject of a well coordinated national promotion campaign aimed more at the young rock fan than at the established Miles Davis follower. Of the close to thirty Miles Davis albums that have accumulated in Columbia’s catalogue over the past fifteen years, “Porgy and Bess”—with sales figures approaching 100,000—had been the most successful; other albums have averaged around 50,000 and recent releases have barely crawled to the 25,000 mark, but “Bitches Brew”—a two-record set—-has sold over 400,000 copies in this country alone.
We were walking down the Ferry Building on nice Sunday afternoon looking for a place to get some 'light' lunch, so we walked in here.
I understand the difficulty of loving someone who struggles with feeling worthy. It is absolutely wrenching to believe at your core that love is strong enough to save someone from themselves. If only people could see themselves as they are seen by others.
My son is becoming a big boy.
Chisomebi “Somie” Emma-Iwuoha
It’s a factual, rational and largely irrefutable matter, and yet the decision still rests with the drinker. I asked Robinson how the cans have been received by the public, and his answer is emphatic.
This is a mess. The basket had shoes that he will grow into but as you can see that wasn't the best place to put them he loved to pull them all out. Walkers that he rarely uses anymore. Plastic tub has sippy cups, bottles. The rest is just stuff.
New paths of fortune we can not find
until i get back here on a more regular basis,
Photos taken by: Pierre Eymard
If you would like to take the Photoshop CS5 Beta Test or the Adobe Illustrator CS5.5 Beta Test, please let me know and I’ll show you how to go about doing that.
Throughout the years more activites were added to the concept of the egg roll. Near the end of the 19th century children were playing "egg ball", "egg picking" (which sounds like our modern day egg hunts), "toss anc catch" and "egg croquet". Eventually it became large enough that entertainers such as bands were introduced into the festivites. For the 1933 celebration Elanor Roosevelt was first lady and introduced more games. The modern day easter egg roll race of today (using spoons) wasn't started until 1974. At one time there was a circus, petting zoo, antique cars on display, Broadway shows and giant balloons (most likely air balloons) as part of the entertainment. The egg hunt pits were introduced in 1981 at the White House.
These are a few tips, but I would recommend that you first use a scrap of material & practice a wee bit so you get used to it (& not ruin any of your lovely material!)
As we piled into the kitchen, muddy and breathing heavily, Mr. & Mrs. Zelinka looked up from the table.
this is going to be the event of the year and not to be missed
she lands
Until I remember we are in the middle of a 40 mile flood plain. Yep, 40 miles! Hmm, will it rain or not? Let’s not stick around to find out.
Let this idea in and feel the terror of the awful realization of alien immediacy-- its presence beyond real or illusion; its presence in all aspects of our lives--our past, present, future. Letting this in brings a boon, enlightenment, the understanding that everything is connected to everything else on every level--so you can visit the other side of your hand on Mars in 1937 and find your watch inside a Chinese box found on the bottom of the ocean unopened since the Ming Dynasty, and find your grandfather alive in the microscopic villages along the ear hair your grandson. And the sun is just a reflection of your iris. And without looking out of your door you can know all things on earth and even if you never look farther than your own backyard maybe one day you'll notice that the very farthest reaches of outer space are right at your fingertips and the vacation you will take this summer is being remembered right now in the bathroom you just walked out of three months ago. And the cares of tomorrow / must wait / til this day is done.
He wasn't at all who I'd thought He'd be,
Although the KSDE removed this requirement, another requirement was not put in place of it. USD#470 decided that one credit of CTE classes would replace it.
And for thy sake, that all like dear didst buy,
Here’s the thing to the negative people of the world, it’s time to just smile. This life is too short to continue to be down and talk about how horrible this and that is. Bad things happen, we get it, but you don’t need to continue to share to a world who doesn’t want to listen. Now, I am not saying hold it all inside, talk out issues with close friends and loved ones as they are near (Not on Facebook or Twitter).
Gerald stared around. Heaven, huh? Not what he’d expected at all. Admittedly some of the trappings were there but for him it was all a façade. Oh it was all right for the Senior Gods, they had it made – he’d glimpsed into their private realm. Cavorting maidens, simpering sylphs, tables laden with fruit, candy, cakes, wine… What did he need to do to reach that divine enclave? Perhaps the gods were assessing him. Perhaps he needed to pass some test, prove himself.
c) my laundry pile is growing ever-more precarious.
o Child pornography
Serve immediately while still hot. I serve mine with chunks of bread and apples, along with baby carrots. It always goes quickly. This enough for a main-ish course for four people or up to eight people as an appetizer. And if there are leftovers? Yes, you can reheat it and enjoy it yourself the next day, just reheat it in small servings so you don't burn the cheese or cause it to separate.
In life, there are two ways of living; there’s living like it’s your last day every single day, and then there’s just surviving, casually strolling through life like it means nothing! No way! I want a hell of a lot out of this life. I want success and freedom and fortune but most of all, I want happiness. I want to feel like I mean something to someone in a professional and personal sense. I want to make a difference in other people’s lives. I want to feel that if I died today, I’d have given it everything! I don’t want any regrets.
Being Human ‘Hold the Front Page’ airs next Sunday in the UK on BBC Three at 9PM.
The book in back of it is an oversized one,
Hello Everyone!! Today I'm talking about my FAV technique - FEATHERING!!! It is often said that this is the hardest technique, but I love it and when you practice a few simple things, you will love it too!!! :) This technique is primarily used when you want to colour something from two DIFFERENT colour families, such as dresses, fairy wings and flowers (think pansies or irises that change from purple to yellow). The biggest thing to keep in mind is that, when using this technique that you use colours that end in the number 0, 1 or 2! Why? Because they are very pale and will blend from one to the other. Darker colours are difficult to achieve this look, although with some practice you could also use colours that end in a 3.
P—Pray about your writing and proofread your material carefully. Send your best material. Remember you are representing the King. Ask Him to help you write in a way that leaves eternal footprints in the souls of your readers.
http://www.maoritelevision.com/default.aspx?tabid=75&pid=12178- 'The Fit Club' is a really good half hour programme on Maori TV on Thursday nights all about health, fitness and nutrition.
May 12: Ottawa – Electric PowWow @ Babylon
Then Capac disappears. His trusted lieutenant, Ford Tasso, suspects the mysterious villacs, ancient and powerful Incan priests. To Ford, only one man has the cunning to outwit such adversaries-Al Jeery, who has taken the guise of his father, the terrifying assassin Paucar Wami.
and I'm pretty sure you will too!
So I have 28.2 pounds to go to get to my goal - lord help me!!!!
Prisoner of My Desire by Johanna Lindsey is one of her more violent romantic novels. Set in England in the twelfth century, it's a tale of squabbling barons, misappropriated inheritances and abundant domestic violence.
This Italian neo-realist film is a break from “classical” filmmaking, in which the director shapes chunks of reality into comprehensible segments. Through continuous editing, the film takes on a coherent perspective that places it in relation to a world that is otherwise chaotic and absurd. The perception of one’s life as a linear progression with a chain of cause and effect is reinforced through continuous editing. People’s lives are invented as stories with a beginning, middle, and end. A film that shows a continuity of action reaffirms our belief that there is a logical order to things in this world, that we are in control of our actions and can predict their outcomes.
I will give some credit for its heart being in the right place. Rocky is seriously injured after his bout with Drago and I the poor house after his accountant squanders his fortune, yet he is prepared to start all over again and even take the offer of a Don King-esque promoter for another fight just to take care of his family. He becomes distracted from his son when the opportunity to mentor Tommy Funn. Rocky then has to struggle to find how his various responsibilities lie within his new lot in life.
rushonrock: In terms what you want to express, how does Blutengel and Terminal Choice differ for you? Obviously there’s a more guitar orientated sound with Terminal Choice. Would you agree that it has a more aggressive nature?
TwitterLoading…12/7/09
Another quirk that doesn’t quite translate to my writing is that my tone of voice (according to my father) gives off an overconfident and better-than-you vibe.
The blood-crossed Knight, the Holy Warrior, hooded with iron,
I’d say so.
Sometimes B manages a very nice surprise. On Friday night, he took me to see Bon Iver (3rd row center, hells yes!)....and it was sorta a perfect night in all the ways you hope for. We stopped at our favorite spot to get some wine and a bite to eat. Two seats at the bar were open. We drank delicious Sancerre, ate mussels, steak tartare and a little cheese plate. Then we headed downtown. We parked the car, took a walk past the place we shared our first kiss nine-plus years ago and headed over to Spreckels Theater. We walked in just as Bon Iver was going onstage. Show was amazing. Plus they played almost every song from their first album, which of course is how I fell in love with them in the first place. The only slight disappoint I had was that I was sending them E.S.P. messages like crazy to play my favorite cover ever, but my frequency must have been off. Usually when I try that hard things come through for me. ;-)
6x6 oil on Raymar canvas panel
The whole novel could have been so much shorter that it's 720 pages!
Gradually I came across one or two more books full of A.R.Quinton's paintings, some like the one above were second hand. Alfred Robert Quinton was born in 1853 in Peckham, London. He studied at Heatherley's Art School and by 1880 was sharing a studio with another artist at New Court, Lincoln's Inn. His watercolours were regularly exhibited at the Royal Academy and two of his paintings were bought by the then Duke and Duchess of York the parents of our present Queen. From the early 1900s Quinton travelled all round England painting local scenes which were published as postcards by the firm of J.Salmon Ltd. He paints the kind of rural scenes that appeal to me immensely and he has left a wonderful pictorial record of the England that existed before the advent of the car.
take them outside and spray paint them white. I used valspar white in satin if you have read this blog for anytime I love spray paint, my favorite brand is valspar from lowes but i am not loving the new nozzle. Anyways spray them all down and let them dry for a few hours (or like1 if you are me and the paint smears just a little)
Because everything is relative, I can say with no absolutes who is and is not Freyja or in which instances other goddesses are or are not Freyja. I can only hear the calling of my Lady dancing the cosmos.
Overnight the Asian markets were mostly higher +0.7%. Europe, however, opened higher and closed mostly lower -0.8%. US index futures were relatively quiet overnight. At 8:30 Personal income was reported higher: +0.4% vs +0.2% , Personal spending lower +0.3% vs +0.8%, and PCE prices were higher +0.2% vs +0.1%. The market opened one point lower than friday’s SPX 1403 close, and started to pullback. At 9:45 the Chicago PMI was reported lower: 56.2 vs 62.2. The pullback continued until 10:00 when the SPX hit 1395. After a rally attempt failed at SPX 1399 around 10:30 the market went into a narrow trading range. At 2:30 the market slipped lower to SPX 1394, then bounced to close at 1398.
Xu X, Ding M, Li B, Christiani DC. Association of rotating shiftwork with preterm birth and low birth weight among never smoking women textile workers in China. Occup Environ Med 1994; 51: 470-474.
The electoral law that the neurtral cabinet will put in place can be a mix of majority / proportional as per some specific requirements.
No one can live the life God calls us to alone. It is too radical, and too difficult a call to fly solo.
Badger - being the great lovers of floral and fruit themes that they always have been - have integrated soft twangs of rosewater, apricot and orange into the mix which, again, add a certain sharpness to delicately counter that sweetness which might otherwise be too syrupy and rich.
The kids are…well, "Man-Child" wants me to "graduate" him. I don't even really know what that means, to be honest. As life learners, I'm not sure I believe in graduation anymore. He doesn't want a party or a ceremony, but just wants me to say those magic words "you're done". LOL Silly kid, doesn't he know we're never "done"? The Compulsary Attendance age in Oklahoma is 18, so maybe I'll oblige him on his 18th birthday with a Diploma or something. The girls are great. Even our biggest girl, the adult one, is doing well. She just got a promotion and raise at her job. I'm starting to see some real maturity from that girl and I love it!
587 *D-IX/15/1969. “Greece Today and the Limits of Compromise.” Chicago Council on Foreign Relations, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1969(6), above.)
Oh geeze, I'm such a dork on camera & do you know how scary it is to go make-upless on camera? Also, the song in the background is one of my favorite summery surfery tunes ("Falling" by Iration) in case you were wondering!
Except for her faith.
It did get me thinking though that being young I do know other young mothers with the same issues and I see that divorce is such a prominent occurrence in our everyday lives but what really strikes me is why it happens.
Russia is a very old nation, dating back at least 1000 years. By A.D. 988 its princes ruled over the territory of today’s European Russia, Ukraine, and Belarus. Over the centuries Russia continued to expand its territory and gradually became a world power. The strongest male rulers were called czars, and the female rulers were known as czarinas. These titles were similar to those of king and queen in other countries.
For those of us who do not want to be mined, outed or harassed we will need to take our business elsewhere. A line has been crossed. Once a retailer has authorized a POS system which refuses a sale without the relinquishing of personal data there is no pretense left.
So I salvaged a few anyway, and added them to my chocolate mint cupcakes. I don't think they look great, and even if the mint leaves had turned out, I'm not convined I'd have loved them anyway...
Keller suggests the man may have been thinking ” ‘Um, thanks, but that’s not what I asked for. I’m paralyzed. I’ve got a more immediate problem here.’ “
The questions continued to fly: Do I take classes with my daughter? Does she know sign language? Does she take swimming? Is she good on the plane? How many words does she have? It was exhausting.
Lets begin with voice lessons. I believe with should start with the very beginning. Primitive music. It has 3 levels: 1. Ouch!! 2. Whine. 3. Cry. 4. Scream. If you have many little ones you know the stages by heart and your head and ears do suffer greatly. Offer it up!! In all seriousness, chanting the liturgy is hard and a very good way to practice your singing in front and amongst people. God bless, Father K!!
I said…”placing them in the dishwasher”…but THERE IS NO DISHWASHER!
One year ago in April, I moved into this apartment. It was a necessary move, what with my shoulder being trashed and finances having swirled down the drain because of being off work and having the Workers Comp Board deny my claim. (A pox on them!, I say. But it has been sent in to the Review Panel so hopefully they will change their tune and allow my claim... which, if they do, would mean they owe me a good sized chunk of change.) The house was sold and I became an apartment dweller for the first time in about 20+ years.
So I got a little curious.
Mr. Parker had already forgot to use his own preposterous codeword for gun.
This week, I learned a new card game: cacheta (pronounced: kahshetta), also known as pife (pronounced: peefy). I’m still a rookie, so I’m going to get some things wrong here. This first thing I noticed is that the game is very similar to Gin, except it’s played with two full decks, and usually more than two players. Each player gets 9 cards, instead of 10, and runs/sets have to be exactly three cards (except if you go out with 10 cards, then one can be a group of four cards). I did alright in the game. I lost. But, you know, I had fun. The dealer also turns a card up before the game begins. This card signifies the joker (curinga). If a 10 of clubs appears, the Jack of clubs is the joker. If a three of spades appears, the four of spades is the joker, and so on. Since there are two decks, there are always two jokers in the deck. Players take turns drawing a card from the deck or taking the discard from the previous player (and only the previous discard is available). Just like Gin, first one to go out wins. You can go out with 9 cards, by discarding, or you can go out with 10 cards by using the previous discard as your tenth card (in which case you can have a group of four cards in your hand — 4 fours or 5,6,7,8 or whatever). You get double points (10 points for a 9 card win, 20 points for a 10 card win) going out with 10. Scoring is a little difficult, but basically you play with 7 dimes. After every round, the winner gets a dime (or two if they have a 10-card win). Once all the dimes are gone, the top scorer wins. If there’s a tie, those players play to win the dimes of the other players. The losers sit out and watch. It’s a fast and fun game. Surely twists exist and scoring could be different. What I want to know is, what does pife and cacheta taste like? And where do you get bottles of these liquors?
Sea Salt (or himalayan salt)
*Stars Dean Cain (The Way Home, Superman, The Three Gifts, etc...) and Luke Schroder, the son of Ricky Schroder (Silver Spoons, Lonesome Dove, etc...)
If you have been following me for any length of time, you have probably seen me mention somewhere that I am a gigantic klutz. It is not an uncommon occurance to see me trip, stumble, run into things, or fall. I am pretty much always covered in bruises with no idea as to how they got there because I hardly even notice it anymore when I run into things. Not too long ago I had another tumble and it got me to thinking about some of my more memorable falls. For whatever reason, I thought it would be fun to share some of them with you. I was going to do a Top 5, but then I realized that I have already written about the fall that would probably take my Number 1 spot (I am talking, of course, about my encounter with the lava rocks of Hawaii). Rather than tell that rather long story again, I decided to shorten it to a Top 4 and just link you back to my previous story of shame in case you missed it. On to my Top 4!
Pursued
Here is a taste
I woke up this morning and just like last week; there were reports of bombings in the Northern part of Nigeria. I am Nigerian, and so there was no way I could ignore that. I responded to a tweet my cousin wrote about it. I felt his pain… and I imagined how the people who were directly affected would feel.
Last week, the Publican (that’s me) came down with a mild cold, and the usual dreary symptoms, combined with a long overdue need to just stop for a few minutes, damn it, and take a deep breath … well, it seemed to suggest an opportune time to finally … at long last … after two or more years … sit down and go through the Pizzeria & Public House’s supposedly fabled beer list, item by item.
Possessing and caressing me
and overall “things that just aren’t normal”
And here we are with my opening shot in which I planned to tell you how we all dragged ourselves out of bed early on a Saturday morning to march into battle at Jack's first soccer game. But thanks to Blogger's updates and my laziness, this is now the end so I'll just have to say that I hope I can remember to upload the photos correctly next time despite years of Blogger brainwashing me to do things counter intuitively. Pregnancy brain is a wee bit frazzled these days.
Lunch was made by one of the members of the household. Again a gathering outside whilst it was eaten. Some freshly picked coriander chopped and sprinkled on top, added to the sensory festival of the day.
For automobiles, approximately 10% of the vehicles on the road will stop, at least temporarily, thereby possibly triggering accidents, as well as congestion, at field levels above 25 kV/m. For vehicles that were turned off during the testing, none suffered serious effects and were able to be started.
We had a nice picnic dinner next to the raging river. :) Adelyn was not interested in eating, only wanting to crawl right into the water. She loved looking at all the people, especially those riding the rapids.
A little while later our landlords showed up with their handyman to make some repairs while they were here anyways. I was housebound while I waited for the handyman to finish up, so I decided to finish the new pillow covers for the living room couch. It was nice to finally get this project done!
Isn’t this how it goes? I make a bowl of popcorn (popped in a pot on the stove with olive oil and butter so you can taste a few burned bits); I adjust all the shades in the living room so the light is just right; and I pop my head into the room where my partner is working.
There may be some who are reading this and vigorously shaking their head; this is not true, it's a paranoid distortion!
Vegetable broth- 3cups
"Love one another and you will be happy. It's as simple and difficult as that." (Michael Leunig)
Michigan's median household income is $48,432. If the government would have just taken money from people and then showered it randomly on households, it could have provided or saved jobs for an additional 38,173 people- but rather than do this, the government inefficiently wasted money through a pork and waste filled inefficient scheme that transferred wealth from productive and efficient members of society to corrupt and politically-connected members of society, using funds borrowed from China that we all have to now pay interest on, further lowering our future prosperity and happiness.
a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law—
My heart explodes.
The Israeli embassy noticed though that
All else erased
I am linking this card to the following challenges:
Why do we perceive?
So be earnest, and repent.
After that night Emily's mother changed. She cried a lot, she didn't talk much to Emily and she stayed in her room to sleep much more than just at night.
In fact, the agency can only have got to be any good because of the zen-like ability of its creative directors to weather the inconsistencies of their clients' behaviour, as well as that of whatever minor muse it is that caters to advertising creatives.
So that men will say,
He also says awesome — a lot.
Next time we will take the train north to Farmington, bike our twenty miles to Ogden, have lunch at a well known brew pub there and then return all the way to Salt Lake by train. Someday, soon, actually it might be our surprise when we come home next winter, the path will be finished all the way to Provo in the south and we will be able to make a hundred mile right with no traffic. We’ll be able to make and over nighter out of it.
(The Twizzler grass was my favorite part of this story.)
Have you ever tried really hard to lose weight? Or quit some food that you don't want to eat anymore? It's hard. And remember how awful you feel when you grab one and stuff it down? This feels way worse. Remember that just because he falls does not mean that he isn't still moving in the right general direction. If he remains committed to breaking the addiction, then forgive him. And encourage him to talk to an accountability partner about it.
Third up were Japan-Thai nutbags, LOW FAT. Made up of two Japanese and two Thai, Low Fat play that brand of insane hardcore punk you just can’t sit still through.
Im late, but I had to find all the questions n such, so heres to catching up!
How do you explain that you really are feeling those emotions, they really are as bad as you say they are, and their changeability is as confusing to you as it is to them?
Oh, one more thing on bringing the audience into the unnatural world. There’s that excellent use of the Internet viral video, which Luke shows Claire early on in the movie. She watches the spartanly furnished room, through the web camera footage, waiting for a ghost to appear and when the feed cuts to a shock screaming face, Claire falls for it big time. This happens four minutes in and set’s a tone for the movie, which stays with me throughout. We understand that she and Luke play these kind of pranks on each other, although where Luke really does want to believe, Claire still only thinks it’s a laugh. Which is why when she straps on the equipment and starts recording ambience audio in the hotel at night, at Luke’s request to help him prove that there’s something else there but them, we start to empathise with her. And it’s through her – the sceptic – which we start to move into the world where a haunting could be possible. Again the viral video and the nightmare shock play into the hand of the sceptic. Not real, but tricks or imagination it gives us the same mind-set as Claire. When Claire starts to hear sounds on the recordings and see things in the dark, we too accept them as we now realize that this is no prank, or a dream. It’s really happening.
Or perhaps it is that we have become linked to them in some permanent fashion thorough long held dedication and deep reaching service, and that these marks, these links transcend the bounds of mortality. That where ever our souls fall, this mark remains.
If I was gay, it would further complicate my life. The skin I live in is already bruised and battered by the social experiences that are unique to people that are black, female, and blind. If gay was added to my list of minority labels, I think that would be just too much for me to handle.
A recurring theme in my life is how often I learn lessons about living by making mistakes. I write Kiss & Blog because airing my thoughts on dating and relationships helps with nailing down at least a few rules of engagement. Falling flat on one's face is a universal experience for anyone who has ever had more than one encounter with the opposite sex, but I can't help wondering how much better my nose would look had I been privy to some inside skinny before I began. Your nose, of course, is as cute as a button.
123rd Tournament of Roses Parade (repeats) ... Hallmark Channel ... 3 PM
She hang hearts. Seven of them.
Any other violator of these Measures shall be punished in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.
Time had ceased to be comprehensible to William. Only the lyrics kept him company.
Begin the beguine
FIRST REVISION
Decided to use face vase as installation tile, carved channels for future adhesive.
So when I start to struggle with something totally frivolous and impractical that I want--something irresponsible that will cost a pretty penny--it is torturous. It's literally like there is a cartoon devil sitting one shoulder and an angel on the other battling it out in my mind.:
Know-how licence
Dreams outside of time,
few questions. I basically told the fellows my situation, and I guess
Duration: 45 mins
if it were soon made clear
There are also some checks which you might need to think about. These assessments actually are going to be to see what sort of particular person you’re looking for, the means you wish to enhance your love life in a manner and who you actually are wanting for. With the character checks they actually will help to find those who are going to be fitted to you, whether or not you wish to find a man who’s over six foot or a girl who is below six foot with blonde hair – it actually will be something but these personality tests are going to be so helpful to assist you find the proper or potential match for you.
Ink - SU Wild Wasabi, Memento Black, PTI Inking Cube Chai, Copics
New Mexico has reposted on their website most of the states they dropped and will honor them. There was a lot of pressure put on people to honor the states again. You can view what they are saying at their website at:
Six Muslim clerics formed what was called the Committee for the Defence of Legitimate Rights (CDLR). Again, it demanded complete sharia law in Saudi Arabia. However, with relevance to the theme of this essay, taqiyya, these Islamist clerics within Saudi Arabia used the language of human rights. Or, rather, it did this; but only when talking to the Western press. When talking to its supporters and members, and indeed all Saudi Arabian Muslims, human rights were of no concern - but sharia ‘rights’, if that’s the right word, were of great concern.
While fighting the fire, fireman David Hunter discovers the young girl’s body and a mysterious glass ball. When he goes to speak to the homicide detectives he comes face-to-face with Detective Olivia Sutherland, who he spent the night with two years previously. Drawn into the investigation personally and also professionally, David and Olivia search for the killer of the girl and also of the security guard who was shot at point blank range on the site.
Unlike the BNP we do not fight legal cases in order to exclude people from membership of our party on the grounds of their race. All are welcome to join the British Freedom Party as long as they are fully integrated British citizens who agree with, and abide by, our party constitution.
"I'm a supporter of the EDL," he said, standing next to a group of cropped-haired men from the EDL's Walsall, Leeds and Essex "divisions".
Single Black is part of the "Black Damnation" project, using Black Albert (Russian Imperial Stout) as the jumping off point for a series of different recipes. Most of the ones released to date have been appropriate for Gravity Head in terns of their alcohol content, and Single Black is by far the "smallest" of them. It's a reminder of the brewing tradition of second, and sometimes third runnings of the same mash.
Allow to cool in the pan, and then release. Enjoy!
There are many kinds of dances to be done on Samhain, or Halloween Eve. For instance:
While the home is in remarkable shape for a building over three centuries old, standing on the shores of the Narrows provides a special challenge for preservation, and the grant it has placed with the Partners In Preservation program would help weatherproof the structure, with additional repairs to the chimney and roof.
Ummm no. I hate to disappoint you, but that magnet's been there from the beginning of this design. My friend Debra got it at Disneyland and gave it to me for Christmas a couple years ago.
A possible solution…
Fatty Acids – Can be one or any mixture of liquid and solid acids such as caprylic, lauric, myristic, oleic, palmitic, and stearic. Used in bubble baths, lipsticks, soap, detergents, cosmetics, food. Alternatives: vegetable-derived acids, soy lecithin, safflower oil, bitter almond oil, sunflower oil, etc.
PML (N) Quaid Mian Nawaz Sharif had declared that (after the assassination of Benazir Bhutto) if PPP decides to contest the elections then PML (N) would also do the same. What made Mian Nawaz Sharif decide to do so? It wouldn’t be wrong to say that it was Nawaz Sharif’s vision & foresight to understand as to what would happen if PML (N) decides not to contest; the foresight Imran Khan lacks till date.
You need a pair of socks.
Firstly can we say thank you to everyone who entered Challenge 5..You all made stunning cards which made it very difficult for the DT to pick their Top 5....We also have some changes this month the winner and Top 5 will be announced at the same time as the new Challenge from now on so check below. We have deceided we are going to do sketches with optional extras each month, as we know you all love the sketches....So on to the Top 5 picked by the DT in no particular order they are.......
3. today is laundry day. In doing said laundry, I noticed one of my daughters didn;t have any clothes in there. And since I know she wore clothes last week, I know she has laundry. So I went to her room, and found all of last weeks clothes wadded in her drawer, and under her bed, and on her closet floor. No, this isn;t a new thing. We do this every week. I toss her room, pull out old clothes, and she get to fix it. But for some reason, it was more irritating today.
Her child, her only child,
Niteroi, Brazil
Prince Prospero, from the original story, technically owns the city while hiding in his own palace, ignoring the plight of the people. He is a terrifying presence although he is only in the book a little. Instead our focus is on main character Araby, daughter of the inventor of the masks and only half-alive after losing her twin brother years earlier. The only time she feels anything is when she goes to the Debauchery Club with her friend April. This is also the place that leads her to two very different boys.
Start by asking God for the names of six people in your area who need a meaningful relationship with Christ.
The ‘Keeling curve’, which shows annual carbon dioxide concentrations since 1958, was thus revealed to be utterly inaccurate. As one atmospheric physicist conceded anonymously, “I guess the combustion in oxygen of billions of tonnes of organic carbon didn’t actually result in carbon dioxide going in to the atmosphere after all.”
With a whisper, quiet as a lullaby,
Venue: Johanneshovs Isstadion, Stockholm, Sweden
Then, onto the night owl. Last night, Audrey was up until 12:15. Tonight, I am hoping that she is down for the night at 10:30. I nursed and then topped her off with a few ounces of a bottle. She snuggled in with her silkie blanket and fell asleep. I am convinced that she is a night owl just so she gets time alone with Scott and me.
Parents used weather as an excuse. But the CDC looked at weather patterns in four large cities in each of the four main regions of the country and found "some slight variations in weather patterns over the past 30 years. However, there is no distinct pattern to these changes over time. Therefore, it does not seem likely that changes in weather account for the decline in active transport."
Breakfast in bed (coffee and a banana- followed shortly by waffles and bacon and fresh pineapple) and a bag of goodies from Trader Joes.
Vibration and Frequency and Form
**IMPORTANT BLOOGER NOTICE THINGAMIJIG** I am an awful excuse for a blogger who actually had EVERYTHING for this weekend written out and failed to post anything....so your "two-fer Tuesday" is for this week a "three-fer Tuesday of WHOOPS!" Fresh of the much battered Unmuffled Keypad for you this Tuesday we have "The Week In Review", "Rants and Raves - Medical Edition" and "That BLOODY Word!" Enjoy!
"No," I held my hands up. "You know I can't. I'll have a beer or two, but that seriously has to be it."
Most of us have one or two lying around in a drawer, be they metal or enamelled ... BUT if not then don't panic!
Pop across to The Stamping Ground where Julia has all you need to know if you want to join in and show your work space to the rest of us nosy crafters……..go on, you know you want too!
Willin' Drillin' and Chillin' because I love my Dentist.
Take care of your body, as in what you put into it. It's much harder to lose weight than to gain weight. Stay active, view your body as a machine. If you care for it your body will care for you.
The buildup had been all about Muamba. Following the cardiac arrest the midfielder received support from all over the world. “It helps me every single day,” he said. “I’ve still got about six or seven boxes to go through of well-wishers’ cards and I’m grateful for that. The support I got is overwhelming. It stays in my mind every single day. So this is keeping me going every single day.”
Had final U/S today and all is good. Babies are measuring 4.0cm and 4.4cm. I have to say it was fun seeing the babies moving around in there. I'm still feeling sick at times, not all the time, but I sure can't wait for this part to be over. I made my first OB appt. today with a new doc that I was given 3 separate recommendations for (2 from surrogates), so I hope he's as great as they say. I stopped meds on Saturday and no migraines yet so that is a plus!
During the later part of the Summer, Treadwell would move camp from “Grizzly Sanctuary” to a grove of trees in Kaflia Bay which he liked to call “Grizzly Maze.” Here, he camped directly in the middle of converging Grizzly trails, which were used by the wildlife nearly every day. It was in this spot that he found his favorite bears in Alaska, and spent much of his time.
Despite the grey skies over the veg patch, close inspection reveals that things are surely happening. A little pootle around the patch yesterday evening revealed a glimpse of the glories to come in the months ahead.
We want to ‘see’ the past
I saw a large flock of wild geese flying north this afternoon.
We had the opportunity to attend a dinner during the Muslim holy week with Muslim leaders. What an educational opportunity. The first few weeks and months went by in a blur as we tried to take in the world of differences outside of our door.
It has been snowing a little all day but it has not amounted to anything. It was 35º above at noon. The roads are very rough because they are frozen.
when the wrong man wanted to be with
“What d’yer think you’re doing?” he snarled in what I later learned was a “Brummie” accent.
October 17, 2008 Clip No. 1922
I'm super jealous of anyone that has waist-length locks right now. I attempted the Alexander Wang side braid, needless to say it failed miserably and all I got was a lump of mess on the right side of my head. Damn you short hair. I feel like my hair isnt long enough to wear any fun hairstyle, I guess I'll continue to pile it all on the top of my head.
11. Ethiopians Live It Out
Personally, I don't believe that there will be a cure in my lifetime. In fact, short of some kind of thoroughly evil sterilisation process, I don't think there will be a "cure" at all.
That you understand these contradicting ways
I am bombarded yet I stand
Where does this investment return come from?
This is why the challenge of same-sex unions is so urgent and important. Redefining marriage is never simply about marriage. It leads to the redefinition of reproduction and parenthood, produces a legal revolution with vast consequences, replaces an old social order with something completely new, and forces the adoption of a new morality. This last point is especially important. Marriage teaches morality by its very centrality to the culture. With a new concept of marriage comes a new morality, enforced by incredible social pressure and, eventually, legal threats.
Finds, and shall find, me unafraid.
In Japan, selling a company over the heads of management is unthinkable. And while India has bought UK enterprises such as Jaguar Rover, it won’t allow British firms to take full control of its own companies.
up decor. My bff once told me NOT to purchase a dining room table because it is just a place for
Rating: Teen
Written by: David Whitaker.
As regular followers of this blog know, I am a long time member of FAG. For those of you who don’t know what FAG is, it is Find a Grave. I am a Find a Grave volunteer. I take pictures of gravestones and post them to the Find a Grave website.
Based on a Benedictine model, the Community of St. Mary adheres to a simple monastic life centered around prayer, reflection, and service. From tumultuous beginnings, including an uphill battle against the established positions of the Church on monastic orders in general, the CSM eventually flourished after being widely recognized for the selfless acts of its Sisters in service to the community. It is the oldest indigenous Anglican order in the New World, and the first monastic body constituted by the Episcopal Church since the dissolution of monasteries in the 16th century.
I'm tired of feeling a furrowed brow over my eyes as I go about trying to accomplish what I need to in a day.
She told me that the boy who calls her names did it again today and I’ve tried to gently emphasise that she must tell someone at school when it happens as her teacher did not believe me last night. I’ve got absolutely no reason to believe D would – or could – lie about this.
Bringing your own bags to the grocery store is a trend that’s starting to catch on in many U.S. cities. But in Germany, if you don’t bring your own, be prepared to fork over a few Euros for plastic ones at the check-out. But why not help Mother Earth – and your pocketbook out a little and bring your own reusable ones. Here’s a link to one of my favorite brands (which you can easily clip to your purse).
Bag : Kmart
The Reds drew 53,483 for their weekday series with San Francisco, and 93,543 for the weekend series with Houston. I’d hoped for at least 150,000 during the week, but 147,000 isn’t bad. Last year, a comparable week in late April saw 139,000 pass through the turnstiles. It’s not much, but a 1300-1400 ticket boost in attendance each game does translate to over 100,000 more tickets sold during an entire season. I hope the Reds will do about 200,000-300,000 better than last year, however. They will, too, if the team is in the hunt for a playoff spot down the stretch.
You can never go wrong with houndstooth!
“Sham El-Nessim, or Sham ennessim/شم النسيم,‎ was originally an Ancient Egyptian holiday celebrated on the Vernal Equinox, or day of creation, much like an anticipatory harvest festival. Offerings to the gods included salted fish, lettuce, and onions. Though celebrated since 2700BC, after the Christianization of Egypt, it became integrated with Easter celebrations and is now celebrated on Easter Monday (as calculated by the Eastern Orthodox or Coptic Christian Calendar). Since Islamization, the date has remained on the Easter-linked calendar, but the modern celebration is more of a national holiday in Egypt. It is celebrated with family picnics, and traditional foods include salted fish, lettuce, scallions (green onions), lupini beans, and coloured hard-boiled eggs.”
In France I don't know who to blame. But we're not far behind Britain in the angry and intolerant stakes, and I doubt we ever have been. I do hope we never catch up though.
We collected my luggage and walked back to his car, the atmosphere between us was amazing I couldn’t stop giggling and he couldn’t stop holding my hand. All my fears I had at the very beginning had vanished. I know Clayton loves me for me and I love him for him. I wouldn’t have it any other way.
we also spent some time walking through the blocks long open air market they have in downtown Charleston. I bought some sweetgrass trivets. I love the sweetgrass baskets that many of the artisans make, but can't afford the prices. I understand their need to price their work, but my pockets just aren't that deep.
Yardbirds For your love UK
Their team searches to find the cutest, most comfortable, and highest quality clothes and accessories available. If you are looking for something that they don't provide, let them know and they will find it for your and add it to their wide selection of designer clothes.
Southampton grew to manhood and, unlike the poet, was able to fulfill his dreams of military glory. He married, though not the poet's daughter, and himself had a son, in whom perhaps he saw reflected his own youthful beauty, as the poet had predicted. Called back to military action in France in his early fifties after a long period of peace, he died of a fever near the battlefield, five days after the death of his nineteen-year-old son. One can't help but wonder if, tormented by the loss of his son and the approach of the deadly fever, he recalled lines written for him by one long dead who'd loved him long ago. Did he remember as he lay dying:
If she had done this as a kid, wouldn’t she have remembered it? If she could remember what her uncle did to her and her parents freaking out with her reading minds; then surely she would have remembered this. It appears to me he is alluding to all her powers, including her microwave fingers of fail. What do I know really though? I am just a fan while he is the supposed ‘showrunner genius’.
Bradley Wiggins - Team Leader, expect him to be high on General Classification (GC), and you’ll see him mostly on Time Trials (TTs) and on Mountain Stages
tough as nails
Remember, knowledge is power and the truth WILL set you free! Do not be afraid to seek it out and own it!
If this stands, it makes the presidential election a shoo-in for Amr Moussa, the ex-secretary general of the Arab League known for his anti-Western and anti-Israel views.
Throwing colours on the wall, in all the myriad hues of day!
Ryan also elevates her novel by striving to keeping things gray instead of black and white. While Mather does terrible and manipulative things, it’s all out of concern for humanity, her ship’s need for children, and her fear for the girls on the Empyrean. While I was worried after Waverly expressed her distaste for religion, religion isn’t demonized here—Kieran is spiritual, finds comfort in faith, and uses faith to inspire the boys as they try to rescue the girls and some of the adults without much hope. I do wish it had been set up a bit more, but it’s presented as a complex issue. It’s really fantastic to see all of this addressed in young adult fiction without the extremely tired trope of religion being presented as bad. Here, Mather twists it to her own purpose (which only deepens Waverly’s distaste for religion), and Kieran uses it to rebuild the community after the devastating raid.
Every relationship starts off with its rocky points. We are so perfect together, our rocky point has to be the distance between us. All in all I would say that’s not too bad and certainly can be overcome.
Rosie Flores @ 3rd & Lindsley * presented by the City of Austin
NEFA bills itself as an apolitical, non-partisan institute whose researchers include investigative journalists, academics and former intelligence analysts who have worked for the FBI and US Defence Department. Sandee worked as a senior analyst for the Dutch Ministry of Defence's counter-intelligence section.
Ah, the French and their deep devotion to meds.
Make no mistake dear souls. This does not mean that our Contact with you has been stalled in any way. In fact it hasn’t, and we are still working harder than ever to be with you all on the ground as quickly as we can. We do have to consider your karma, but for the most part many of you are transmuting many of the karmic chains that have kept you bonded to the third dimension. The Light quotient on Earth is ever growing, and soon your collective Light and demand for truth will absolutely see us at your doorsteps.
I do have friends I exercise with here and there.
Giorgio Moroder: Watch Your Step
I like looking at fashion blogs. Do you? I find it such a fascinating phenomenon we see today now that fashion blogs are so huge and they have produced some models and blog celebrities. Anyways, one thing I’m impressed with them is that the amount of clothes they own and show on their blogs. Well, some of them have a store and they wear what they sell. Lucky them. Some big blogger names might receive some sample clothes to try on their blog.
As part of extending the ability for communication on the subject, I have created a Facebook Group to be a companion web tool for this website. The Facebook group site will allow us to have creative communication and also allow for you to get items posted on this site also linked through Facebook.
I've just come off the telephone to Tom. We were both logged onto a website he discovered earlier tonight which more than lived up to its name:
Cannonball!!!!! As a quick celebration of the sun, I brought a pool to my favorite little girl Ivy.
Amongst the perfect legal possibilities is the formation of a family corporation or “trust”, in which the family’s assets pass into the hands of the company, with each family member becoming a director of the company. So when one member of the company dies, it involves only a reorganisation of the board of directors and a transfer of some of the company shares, thus ensuring very little tax.
It looked like it cinched his stomach like a bad pair of stockings, which I am sure at some point, I probably would have peed on in anger as well if it was socially acceptable.
Rose.
Preliminarily, one must hear how the outrage is being verbalized and take a close look into those allegations. The outrage is expressed along primarily has three lines – firstly, that public funds could be better utilized for development work, second, the sheer impropriety of erecting statues to oneself during one’s lifetime and third, that this does nothing for the Dalits whose cause Mayawati professes to espouse.
The above quote is true to those who believe in working hard towards their dreams and earning every bit of their success. But seldom do we see such individuals who stand tall on their rightfully earned success, wealth, adoration, respect, and all that which comes along with these.
Morning sounds awakened me from my sleep. The clang of bells and cymbals rang from the various temples that surround the Pushkar Lake. Overhead monkeys screeched from their perches atop the temple cupolas. One large male barked his orders to underling monkeys who stripped green leaves for eating or scampered noisily across loose sheets of corrugated metal used in roofing. Monkeys are literally the top caste of Pushkar.
perpetrate any fraud, and sacrifice any value, to attain total hegemony
If you're an Astros fan you know that February means two things; spring training starts in a few weeks and the Astros will be driving around Texas and Oklahoma interacting with fans in different cities. I love the annual Astros Winter CAREavan because it gives fans the chance to meet players and coaches.
“Dancers performed with Britain’s Got Talent stars Flawless, giving us a taster of their up an coming collaborative tour, in a dynamic street and ballet fusion. With back-flips and head-spinning, the show was more acrobatic than artistic, but it certainly displayed the company’s versatility and vibrance.
I found these adorable owls at a Thrift Store and can't decide if I want to give them a makeover or not?!
Now, just how exactly does a brew kettle "shatter like glass"? Anyone else heard of such a thing happening?
Sunday - pulled pork sandwiches, baked beans, and chips
My Mac book would accompany me in bed, on nights when I cannot sleep.
c. the true world: but who is it really who tells us that the apparent world must be of less value than the true one? Does our instinct not contradict this judgment? Does man not eternally create a fictitious world for himself because he wants a better world than reality? Above all: how do we arrive at the idea that our world is not the true world?--it could be that the other world is the "apparent" one (in fact the Greeks thought of, e.g., a shadow kingdom, an apparent existence, beside true existence). And finally: what gives us the right to posit, as it were, degrees of reality? This is something different from an unknown world-- it is already a wanting to know something of the unknown-- The "other," the "unknown" world--very good! But to say "true world" means "to know something of it"--That is the opposite of the assumption of an "x" world--
What people in the colonies want is not to get jobs servicing the global elite. What they want is to be left alone, and what they want from those of us who profess to be revolutionaries is for us to force the empires to withdraw from their territory. We need not perpetuate the old White Man’s Burden of using our privilege to lift up our less fortunate brothers and sisters into something approximating our own lives. Here is the new morally and ecologically responsible and real burden of being a white man: to undo the damage done by the dominant culture and to destroy the ability of the rich to steal from the poor in the first place.
Jemma and Elijah? Yeah, we get the foreshadowing in this book – but the foreshadowing comes rather … all of a sudden. But wait – let me give you the summary of the next book so you can see where I’m going:
Yes, Grandma Vi, you will forever be my grandmother. I thank you and all the other relatives for what you did to help Grandma when she was taking care of Lelang and Grandpa and after they both passed. I know it was what any of us would do for each other.
Examples of this Greek's boldness, corroborated, include, but are not limited to :
serve the utilitarian deities
That night, I prayed with Bill that he would always feel taken care of whether he is on earth with us or in Heaven with God... I want him to feel loved. I want him to always feel that. This evening, my mom called me and told me that they found a way to have my Grandpa live at his house with care. I can't explain my emotion other than I felt so much relief for him. Life is so precious and fragile, and I'm so glad that he is going to spend his time at his home. He deserves that...
The study was based on answers to the General Social Survey, which began asking people about their level of trust in various public institutions, including Congress and the Supreme Court, in the 1970s. The dip in trust toward the scientific community didn’t correlate to a decrease in trust for all political institutions, since conservatives showed increased trust in political institutions during the Bush presidency, but still found science suspicious.
Nonetheless, social media shouldn’t be driven by making more money. It should be viewed as merely a compliment to the business strategies that have already been working. It isn’t that time consuming and is easier than ever to cross-post on multiple social networks. So why not give it a try and start reaping the benefits of digital interaction?
therefore after Spring, He added Summer and Fall.
A few years ago, Laura and I hit a yard sale thrown by a restaurant owner/chef who was selling his business. We purchased stainless steel cake pans, professional waffle irons and other kitchen tools we never even considered owning, let alone knew existed. To this day, we are both still happy with the bargains we found and use them daily.
You now have an interactive bulletin board where students can match up the idiom to the image of its meaning by attaching the looped yarn to the push pin above the image of the true idiom meaning! Watch your students have fun and learn about idioms!
I was thinking of my daffodils while I was at the Symphony Syracuse concert at the Capitol on Sunday. Many of us know of the troubles that the Syracuse Symphony went through; we all watched them weather the hardships, wondering if they, too, could persevere. Listening to the musicians play on Sunday with the Stan Colella Orchestra, I knew that they, too, were like daffodils in many ways. They were perennial, providing great concerts year after year. They were plucky; the musicians reformed Symphony Syracuse when the Syracuse Symphony was dissolved, taking a significant pay cut to ensure that audiences in our region continue to enjoy classical and popular music. They also help to make life more beautiful, and help us forget our troubles.
I don’t know whether people who practice homosexuality are going to heaven or not. That’s really not my business, it’s between them and God. No one else, and I wish people would stay out of it. Just love them, they’re going through a hard enough time without you condemning them.
Sowings over the past 24 hours were of 'Little Gem' lettuce, Spinach var. Scenic F1 and a large tray of leeks for the kitchen. My brother-in-law took a fancy to my first sowing of leeks, so I've sown more of 'Lyon Prizetaker' and an Eastern European variety, 'Starozogorski Kamus'.
Dega: How much gold jewelry?
Title: Hines Sight
The crap that they wrote was plain wicked
He lay there and tried to purr.
Off I ran to their website and downloaded the software. You know I love playing with graphic design stuff...hence the 13 blog design changes and 129 1/2 buttons I have used here at Too Much Time. Of course I started this at 9 p.m. and it took a while to download to my computer. At 10:04 last night I started playing and this darn thing kept me up till midnight. There are SOOOO many papers, embellishments, tags, designs, and colors I couldn't stop myself.
Stepped in the dirt made something good from it
My God will take you higher than your dreams in Jesus name, because my God will fight for you, you will enjoy victory without a fight, because My God will promote you; you will enjoy success without a sweat.
Liwan, who is also Belaga assemblyman, shared the success story of Bakun hydroelectric dam.
Replace curry powder with any meat masala.
I'm assuming that if you're not from Philly or Central PA, you've probably never heard of Irish Potatoes. Or maybe you have (sorry for assuming, you well-informed-blog-reader, you!) Either way, you're in for a Philadelphia-style treat.
When European and US consumers think about what China makes, they reflexively turn to basic items such as textiles and toys, not necessarily the most innovative products and rarely associated with brand names. In fact, though, much product innovation in China stays there. A visit to a shop of the Suning Appliance chain, the large Chinese consumer electronics retailer, is telling. There, you might find an Android-enabled television complete with an integrated Internet-browsing capability and preloaded apps that take users straight to some of the most popular Chinese Web sites and digital movie-streaming services. Even the picture quality and industrial design are comparable to those of high-end televisions from South Korean competitors.
There is no shadow in Your presence
Póg mo thóin!
One of the biggest changes in the flight simulator 2006 is the addition of a structured game play.
waiting for another blind date
This is my first beaded necklace. The clasp is the kitten stretched out with the ball of yarn between its front paws. The charm is the kitten on its back with the ball of yarn between all four paws. The beads are long glass slender beads (much like tiny spaghetti beads) that are facet cut so they shine as if they were diamonds with little tiny clear seed beads in between them. The charm and clasp are silver.
"It's hard to take a site seriously when it's covered in banner ads telling you that you're the millionth visitor and urging you to click here to receive your prize.
But then I think, hey, Max has now mastered his 7 times table and almost has his 8's taken care of. Something we couldn't manage all of last year. So we're doing pretty good.
Morgan Freeman, Invictus
“No thats not the thing,
For your tummy… Honey’s vitamins, antioxidants, and protein (not so surprisingly) makes it good for consumption, as well. Honey can be used for a replacement for white sugar in summer drinks like iced tea and lemonade. It is also a delicious addition to many meals. Try these easy recipes:
The Forward also wrote that the baby’s death was not “attributed to their ritual circumcisers’ use” of MBP, as if that attribution was made in a vacuum. But it wasn’t. The death was “attributed” to MBP by the medical examiner who did an autopsy on the baby and who had complete access to the baby’s medical records. Further, that cause of death is backed by the state’s Department of Health and the city’s Department of Health.
Anyway, I read this girl Alexi is going through a breakup. We all know how hard breakups are, so if you're going through one or are divinely happy in a relationship or stunningly single or sadly single, read this blog. It's fun. And maybe leave her some comments of cheerfulness and love cause lord knows having "it's called breakup because it's broken" is the most humiliating thing to have at your bedside, I'd rather hear it from real people!
And so is your head!
We are the arching
"No you haven't, I've just been around the back. You haven't been robbed"
Little Bo: The Story of Bonnie Boadicea ~ by Julie Andrews Edwards, illustrated by Henry Cole, 1999, children's, 10/10
My doctor said it's called unexplained infertility.
B. The low social communication abilities result in functional limitations in effective communication, social participation, academic achievement, or occupational performance, alone or in any combination.
6 Lonesome Day
T: Yes.
"it's mommy's." Scully simply replies.
The drugs will be burned, and the weapons will be destroyed or returned if the owners claim them.
I am SICK SICK SICK of the mental health services. They’ve stuck me on Lamictal which seems to be doing sweet F*** All except knock me that little bit more mental. My skin is crawling, my thoughts are transient and I can’t seem, to quell the wanderlust within me.
I did my research on different places in the city that have a note worthy egg cream. I also made sure I knew what I was getting. You see, ask for a New York egg cream and you get a different drink from a Brooklyn egg cream. New York is vanilla flavored and Brooklyn is chocolate flavored. There is a Bronx egg cream, strawberry, and I've heard of a San Fransisco egg cream, which is hazelnut.
It’s hard to believe that the 138th running of the Kentucky Derby is less than a week away. Last year, I was fortunate enough to tab longshot Animal Kingdom as the winner, before I stubbed my toe in the Preakness and Belmont. The year before, I swept the Triple Crown, including the cold trifecta in the Belmont Stakes. Let’s see if we can get another streak going next Saturday.
I have a "fun money" account and for the past couple of years I've been setting aside my birthday and holiday money with the intention of buying something fun and frivolous. I've been toying with the idea of getting an e-reader. Do I need an e-reader? No, absolutely not. I have hundreds of books sitting on my shelves, waiting to be read/reread, not to mention the easy access I have to thousands of library books at library branches all across the county. But again, the money is for something fun and frivolous, which to me, an e-reader is.
As it gushes over a rock,
Please, read the poem below, a serious post.
A few weeks ago their appeal against the bypass was rejected and rightfully so, why does the vocal minority always have to get their way when the vast majority are in favour of something? It doesn't seem to matter how wrong you are, if you shout your opinion as loudly as possible you'll always win. Now, if I'd gone to the effort to go to court over something and I'd lost, I'd take the hint and call it a day. Of course, that's too simple. Willy and co are to make a second appeal against the bypass.
grind them through a meatgrinder, before I spit em out
4. This promotion is in no way sponsored, endorsed or administered by, or associated with, Facebook. You understand that you are providing your information to the Annotated Horror Blog and not to Facebook. The information you provide will only be used to notify you if you win the contest.
I know it has been a while since my last post, but I haven't been feeling well. Rather than me bellyaching, let's just say my MS has really kicked me in the butt.. well, actually, this time it has hit my arms. (The left is worst than ever, but the right is slowly regaining strength/sensation... praise heaven!!) I've been feeling quite useless and down as of late. You know what - disease sucks! Well, that's all together another story for another time. Luckily, I have a strong support network and I am working through this latest hurtle.
Downhill and along a track (disturbing a noisy cock Pheasant on the way – I’m not sure who’s most startled, me or him, as his rapidly beating wings take him hopping over the hedgerows) into Holden Wood, much of which is Sweet Chestnut coppice still being cut to provide fencing materials. It’s great to see woodland being worked in this way, providing continuity between the historic coppicing of Hazel for the iron industry and the present day.
Please check the customer reviews & ratings of Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS3 DMC-TS3D 12.1 MP Rugged/Waterproof Digital Camera (Orange) BigVALUEInc Accessory Saver 16GB HD Bundle from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
Her love of travel and wanderlust came from growing up with parents
And there, right there, I think I fulfilled another one of the requirements:
I like booze and I've featured that subject time and again over the decades (you can see no fewer than seven of my paintings involving sweet, sweet booze in this post about Artevino), and I expect to return to it in the near future (possibly after my next big series which is currently in pre-production).
When this radio preacher told of Ananias and Sapphira being struck dead he made it clear that Acts 7: 51-60 records that Stephen was stoned to death. James was about to be killed with the sword. Peter would be crucified upside down in Rome where Paul would have his head chopped off. Let us not forget John the Baptist who lost his life because he dared to name sin in Herod’s life. Most of all Jesus the Lord of glory was executed as a criminal.
It has a loop for hanging also.
Or, paint it all black and distress to expose some of the wood. Or stripping the entire thing and re-staining a nice dark walnut. Decisions, decisions. I hope to get started this weekend. Feel free to weigh in.
What ever you are doing this weekend, have fun, be blessed!
SEO services businessperson firms are the large choice for the one that for you to scotch good in online activity with calibre services. So, what are you expecting. If you mightiness be on the observatory for piping calibre SEO upkeep for your diminutive concern, then it’s conceivable you’ll wish to seem at this article. In this telltale article you can see out what grade of SEO providers testament render.
Late last year Flymen fishing company released their new articulated shanks in three different sizes. I’ve just recently started to play around with it, and mainly with the 55 mm shanks for big pike flies. Two examples are shown below. These shanks adds both the dimension of placing the hook further back like with a tube but it also adds a whole new dimenssion of movement in the fly.
The Wee Memories challenge this week is paper piecing, which I used on my cupcake. After stamping the cupcake base, I Cuttlebug-dry-embossed it, and paper-pieced it as shown, popping up the cupcake top with dimensional foam dots.
(We see domineering aunts, for example, from both North and South, who want to "rule" over their nephews and nieces.) There is a generation (probably those fifty and up) who CANNOT for one minute put the Civil War behind them, and there is a generation (especially those in their twenties and late teens) who don't quite understand why it still has to be such a big deal, who'd like to see some change or progress at least. There's definitely still tension between North and South as well. Our narrator is a "Yankee" visiting a Southern town. His "Yankee" aunt warns him throughout not to be too influenced by the Southerners. She doesn't want him to like or love his travels too much. And the people of the town, especially the Somebodies of the town, find it hard to open up with any Yankee no matter how seemingly charming. From the narrator's viewpoint, readers see the tension between these two sides is still very much alive. Race. This is a BIG, BIG, BIG issue in the novel. For better or worse. On one hand, it could always allow for discussion and critical thinking on the part of the reader. But on the other hand, it might make some very uncomfortable in the process. Because whether the "racism" is just racism by condescension or racism by pure ugliness and hatred, it is still very present in this novel. (Let's just say that the narrator and almost every single person in the novel does NOT believe in equality of the races, and most certainly does not believe that they should have the right to vote or hold any sort of political office.) Social class also plays a role in this one. We've got the tension between people who once had money but now only have class, manners, and pride. And the newly rich who many view as having NO class, and low morals.
The picture for Chile includes a transition of leading causes of death along with an accelerated decline of fertility and delayed motherhood. Koch explained that direct causes –those directly attributable to pregnancy condition– were the rule before 1990, but from then, indirect causes –ie. non-obstetric chronic conditions such as hypertension and diabetes among others– rise as the most prevalent, hindering the decline on maternal mortality.
My New Year's resolution (apart from losing that stone in weight I have managed to gain since June) is to get some sort of regularity into posting here. It will be mostly beer, brewing a bit of food and hopefully a big dollop of food/brewing science chucked in too.
THEY ARE ASSOCIATED WITH JUDAISM / CHRISTIANITY / ISLAM
5. It is very clear that the most direct means to short term and decadal length predictions is through the study of the interactions of the atmospheric sytems ,ocean currents and temperature regimes – PDO ,ENSO. SOI AMO AO etc etc. and the SST is a major measure of these systems.Certainly the SST data has its own problems but these are much less than those of the land data.
Way to go Henry!
Are you one of those people who still feels a nostalgic desire to keep the penny around? Don’t get me wrong… there is a lot to be said for nostalgia. I’m one of those relics who can actually remember buying penny candy as a child and looking forward to having some coins. But times have changed. I actually saw a gumball machine this week that took quarters, and the gumballs were not particularly large. So is it time to get rid of the penny?
“You whacked the teen that was on top of Ralph with the plastic bat. Both those teens were on you in seconds and they beat and kicked you mercilessly while little, big-mouth Ralph ran away.” Piper let silence fall for a few moments as he considered the boy in front of him.
So I get nudie in the closet. Then on the other side of the closet is another door that another nurse opens whether you're ready or not.
We did eventually find a nice enough looking hawker centre to stop at. A coffee later, and we were on our way again. No time to dawdle, as we want to be back in Penang tonight, after shopping in KL. Later the landscape became flatter, we started to encounter towns, which were quite congested, and then we approached the motorway into KL, and arrived in our destination a little after 11AM. The trip took about seven hours.
Enough of that! Have a great day! Hug someone and ask them to pass it on! Maybe a hug is another way to ‘pay it forward’!
What I do have is my own coping mechanisms and guidelines to dealing with the questions of interacting with other people, cultures, and beliefs. While they don’t speak to every possible situation, they do give me a starting point from which to consider questions of culture.
Monday we did the tech for the show which went all day and into the night.
If I cannot choose should I be held morally responsible for my actions?
The way you sneak cookies and then tell me "Don't wuh-wy Mom. I'm doin' nuffin."
Yellow split moong dal - 1 cup
Do you think I was born in a manger?
Realize that death is the new life. Thanks to Jesus’ sacrificial death on the cross for you, you no longer have to live just for yourself (a goal that will ultimately destroy you through sin). But when you decide to sacrifice your own desires so that you can live the way God wants you to live, you can enjoy an abundant life that wouldn’t be possible otherwise. In this fallen world, you’ll definitely face suffering – but if you’ve died to your selfish desires, you can learn valuable lessons from the suffering you go through, which will accomplish good purposes in your life. Through death, you can experience life that includes blessings such as: contentment, sanctification, faith, love, peace, hope, becoming more like Jesus, and protection from evil.
A former Los Angeles elementary school teacher has been arrested for felony molestation of nearly two dozen students, accused of gagging children and putting live cockroaches on some of their faces. Deputies say the crimes were committed on campus.
This probably emerges from my history of having some of the worst spring breaks of all time. Last year I stayed home sick and my whole family went to Vegas without me. Party on.
He was right. The episode, in which the Simpsons visit Jerusalem, offended me as a Jew and as a believer in Jesus (I am both), and, if I were a Muslim, I'm sure I would have been offended as well.
Now you could hardly call Swanee River a blues song – in one of its earliest editions, the score was sold as “An Ethiopian Melody” – but it’s a lot closer than the French lullabys and comical Polish dances that made up the rest of that hellish book.
For Jan 16, I went straight for the first one on the list: 2-N-5, a tangle created by CZT Anita Roby-Avery. Anita's instructions begin with a pencil grid, but I like to freeform on this stuff, so that's what I did. I like when things are a little wonky, so this works for me. I show my steps to the tangleation below. Once I had the basic tangle done, I did a few more things to it. I had so much fun I did another one going a different direction on Jan 17. I extended the lines from the 17th into the 18th, and began a few elements of Pais by Mikee Huber, then added some Hollibaugh by Molly Hollibaugh, and finished adding the insides of Pais after the Hollibaugh. If all this sounds confusing, just refer to the steps below. I had so much fun with these, that I had to share the steps. (You can find the original steps to these tangles by clicking the links provided in this post.)
Homes purchased while in the various stages of foreclosure can often be bought at lower prices relative to homes not in foreclosure. It’s one of the reasons why foreclosed homes now account for 20 percent of all home resales.
“I think it’s going to be one of the toughest tracks of the year for overtaking, but I’ll be hoping for a strong performance in qualifying in order to make it as straightforward as possible in the race.”
Cracklin' Rosie you're a store-bought woman
Yeah....I forget to do stuff like that.
My first impression on going to school in Finland was how informal and
This is what I am seeking to talk to you about for a variety of reasons. First, you know me in ways that others don’t. Second, I seek your assistance in putting my best foot forward. Third, I was seeking your support in my decision.
drinks from the period. However, I take issue with their listing vodka as the primary ingredient in the Martini. Do have vodka as an option but do be prepared to make a classic Martini. Also, make sure to have a healthy supply of monkeys) and a top notch looking bar.
My family didn’t have the money that the other families at that school had, so my clothes were never as nice as the other kids clothes, which I’ve already told you about. I didn’t get to go on ski outings and stuff like that that the other kids did. Or go to the movies, unless friends took me.
Jenna: Heart, skills and an awareness of where she’s needed, Jenna has it all.
That late and sleepless morn
Franky, you’ve got more to you than this. I don’t want to see you back here ever again. You’re a good kid, now act like it.
To keep costs down a little bit, rather than printing "the matt osborne band" in white, we just left the "mirror" of the CD exposed (that's why the words and the perimeter have that rainbow effect).
China is vast country with 23 provinces and more than 1 billion people of various races and religions.
Well of that there is absolutely no doubt! but it's probably not age that causes my problems getting back in the swing of things, it's habit.
Current Part-time Volunteer Work
Her family - and all patients who battle cancer - continue to need prayers.
Not sure if I've told you all, but I've actually gone down in weight and inches since finding out I was moving- I guess that's what being busy does to ya! I'm SO proud of myself for staying FAR, far away from JUNK! I'm finally at that point where if I eat anything that isn't good and healthy for me, I wanna vomit immediately. FINALLY! ;) Now, that's not to say I don't like sweets and salties, but trust me- I'd much rather eat chicken and broccoli.
18. Thomas Browne "Religio Medici" (don't ask)
7. Citrus and citrus juice – I use lemons in a lot of cooking as well, especially for vegetables. I think the juice and zest gives everything just enough sour and a good bite in chicken dishes, and can even be made nice and sweet if used with sugar like lemon meringue pie, so it’s pretty versatile too. Same with the oranges. Orange juice always in my house.
Within the cosmos the chaos is not a separation of consciousness
MNCSM, part of MNC®, is an integrated marketing and technology services firm. We
They already have thousands in their database… that are theirs to keep once they develop the right retention plan.
I read very little last year. I don't know why. Perhaps the addition of a screaming insomniac baby didn't help or maybe I wasted too much time blogging, but this year I will devote more time to reading and less to drinking wine and surfing the internet. I will never achieve Dovegreyreader's ability to read nine Dickens novels in one day whilst quilting and healing the sick at the same time, neither will I manage Scott Pack's 137 books in one year. I am a slow reader. But if I can manage a book every week or so, it will be an improvement on the pitiful handful that I read in 2006.
And this bonds us. Permanently.
The Shard, also known as the Shard London Bridge, is a glass (recalling a shard of glass) pyramid-shaped skyscraper under construction in Southwark, London. The structure was just recently completed in April 2012, and it is expected to open to the public quite soon. The structure has been designed with an irregular triangular shape from the base to the top and through a sophisticated use of glazing with expressive façades of angled glass panes intended to reflect sunlight and the sky above, so that the appearance of the building will change according to the weather and seasons.
Debbie’s definition ~
I'm not feeling up to a sensible reflection on any of this on account of information overload, but there is a tone that runs through much of this discussion that doesn't sit terribly well with me (Nostrand Park, who led off the discussion on Brooklynian, took issue with the article's characterization of CH, and I agree with them). Whether it's the initial article passing off the West Indian Day parade (one of the largest street festivals and celebrations of Caribbean culture in the world) as a post-riot "Caribbean festival" that makes the neighborhood more desirable for condo-building or the language of colonization/invasion deployed in so much of this discourse, I feel like a) I'm not learning a lot from it and b) it's not offering a very accurate or nuanced portrayal of what's actually happening in the neighborhood. Even the snarky mockery that lots of blogs/comments employ strikes me as unproductive - it's easy to poke fun at the gentrifyers, but that seems to be a project for justifying one's own authenticity/self-awareness in the context of neighborhood change (and to raise a question that was raised of this blog in comments in the post below, I wonder how many of the people commenting on this WSJ article are CH residents, and what demographic they're in).
The restaurant is very expert on Bar-B-Q pork, Crispy Pork, and Chinese sausage. In order to give the odor of the original and traditional smell, the restaurant will grill with the charcoal like how they cook in the old day instead of using the oven. Every menu serving with rice and topping with a sweet sauce mainly made from pork stock with Chinese herb and simmer for 2-3 hours until it turn to be a source, Soft-boiled eggs in Chinese herb to accompany the dish is also available as per your order but believe me, you should not miss it!
I STARTED subscribing to the Unifi internet service offered by TM Bhd, in June 2010.
We need to have more senior people, male and female, talking openly about the ways in which they carve out time in their lives for their families. And, of course, we need more senior people actually doing it.
I bumped into my old friend Knister, a German author (published there, like me, by Arena) who has sold 17 million copies worldwide of his Lili-Hexe (Lily the witch) stories, without finding a UK or US publisher so far. But Lili has just been made into a film and Disney are interested (though she has to be "Magic Lili" to them since witches are out for the US (along with wardrobes, hedgehogs, badgers, guns - that's a subject for another post.)
I could continue quoting, but you should have the pleasure of discovering what Quindlen has to say on your own. It’s like an ongoing conversation with your BFF about books, men, mothers, kids, work, aging. I can’t speak for Anna Quindlen, but she sure speaks for me.
It is not that I abhor violent action (although I do), it is simply that it is fundamentally and inescapably ineffective at achieving its stated goals and unparalleled at creating catastrophic unintended consequences.
That being the case, it'd be stupid for us to jam each other up over the petty stuff, knowing that we might need to rely on each other later in the shift or the next day. Now that doesn't mean that I overlook felony-level stuff, or drunk driving. I won't do that. But then again, I'm surrounded by professionals who are damned good people here and those situations rarely materialize. But sticking it to one of my peers with speeding ticket? Please. Not going to happen.
-Newt Gingrich
3 tablespoons fresh lime juice
Whilst Qatar Airways has already managed to pull in a few awards this month from the SkyTrax Awards 2012 along with other industry awards, including for their airport experience, they have recently upgraded their cabin offering, with new business class seats and brand new aircraft on their way. Qatar Airways now seem to want to become a formidable airline launching a staggering 13 new routes this year and allegedly receiving a new aircraft every 15 days.
"Noted Breweries of Great Britain and Ireland, vol. 3", Alfred Barnard, 1890, page 119.
If I send the book to you with a SASE with my friend's return address on it, would that just be crazy? It's not signed, but she loves your site and your book.
So today I created this page- another page related to what my Dh and I call our Walk through the Dark. We have no one we are allowed to speak with about this, so we cannot obtain much counsel. We are forced to go directly to our Source.
I now treasure a banged up little digital camera I originally borrowed to make test shots before exposing large format negatives. It's not perfect, but it allows manipulation of a film speed setting, lighting, and exposure. It has been good to me and has served me well as a camera for my thoughts.
Article 33: Before the copyright administrative management entity decides to impose relatively large fines or other administrative punishments requiring a hearing according to the provisions of laws or administrative regulations, it should notify the parties of the rights for requiring for a hearing.
Traditional approach
The main reason is because they maintain this form for up to five minutes or more at a time, and I’ve seen them myself. I personally haven’t seen them for that long, but I’ve interviewed many witnesses who have, and we don’t know of any theory of electrodynamics that would allow for that, that would allow for a mere discharge phenomenon to maintain a discrete form of a sphere for five minutes. We don’t know how that would happen.
Ever eaten so much food you thought you might die? If you're like most Americans, at some point today you'll experience the gut-busting pain of cramming way too much food down your gullet.
These are about 3 weeks apart but I don't think there is much of a difference
Hey Ya'll. My butt is still dragging from out Disney Vacation! So this post will be short and sweet. I will soon be back with a few post of our Disney pictures and highlights from our trip. But this post is all about winners!!!
Here are my thoughts from that day……
So why do historians accept these facts and not others? See below for some links and even a real formal academic debate where this “minimal facts” approach was used.
Come closer still and make me yours
I was not at all impressed with this Wine.
We found our tent- we had reservations at the Haufbrauhaus Tent which is the largest tent at the festival holding over 9k people inside, upstairs and outside- and found the guy who's table we were buying seats at. There were 12 of us total and he led us inside and through the maze of people to our table. It was a MADHOUSE! And it was only 4pm. We were so happy to sit and just take it all in, an incredible site.
know
Sacré Coeur – The ‘sacred heart of jesus’ Basilica is located at the summit of the butte Montmartre, the highest point in the city.
You are only two days old, and already I am smitten with you. I wanted to write this letter to you because I am overwhelmed with love for you and can't keep it in, and exploding it all over the internet seems like as good a plan as any.
Back to the wood filler. I filled the gouge and smeared it over the length of both of the repairs. Next step will be to sand it and see what it looks like. This was as far as I got with it the first day. Storm clouds were rolling in so I had to quit and put my projects in the garage.
This thought did, however, make me think a lot about business practices. Over the years I dealt with people who I was nearly certain weren’t honest about reporting their income. I am also certain that some of them took inventory for personal use and still reported it as a business expense. And when I changed offices, I had clients that I did not agree to take with me to my new position.
In Plain Sight. With just a single episode left to go, out of just eight in its fifth and final season, I find myself filled with both anticipation for how it will end and regret that I’ve put off posting about it for so long. I can’t even describe what makes this show so special to me, at least not briefly anyway, because this show really does have it all.
When we wish to say ‘ there is’ or ‘there are’ we are either going to use ‘Voilà’ or ‘Il y a’ depending on whether we are pointing or stating.
There’s nothing wrong with saving money.
He felt drunk with a tingling happiness. Nora watched him, smiled to him.
After 6 – 7 hours of sleep, your body has no glucose left in it. If you do not restore the needed source of energy your body is going to start braking down fat tissue and muscle tissue to glucose so it can feed the brain (it puts your body in a starvation mode). If you want to start looking like a pile of bones keep skipping breakfast.
Pillow covers, vintage items, art prints
We needed to pull into a fuel dock—so the choice was dock into the wind? Or into the current? A sustained strong gust made us choose the wind—but as we approached the dock, and the wind died, we realized we chose wrong. But we bounced onto and along the dock and managed to stop ourselves after losing only a little
Just because we live in the era of media overload doesn't mean we can't find a beneficial use for these new venues. As writers, as artists of words.
A ship carrying 490 Sri Lankan asylum seekers reached Canada in August 2010 after being turned back by the Australian Navy in May. An asylum seeker boat has never reached New Zealand.
If you have one dog, I recommend two kits. One that is in your home and ready to go on a moments notice and one that is kept in your car (if you travel at all with your dog). You never know where you maybe or what you may be doing when you need to be prepared to care for your dog. Always be prepared you never know when you may need the first aid kit after an afternoon hike, or when a disaster could strike. Perhaps you went to a friends house an earthquake hits, leaving you stranded without a way to your house having a kit in your car may save you and your life. Additionally, studies show that it is good to keep dog food in your car. Yes, DOG FOOD in your car! Why? Simply people in emergency situations usually go through there rations to quickly. On the off chance your traveling and your dog isn’t with you but, you need your kit and you go beyond the 72 hours you can always fall back on your dog food, and water.
Dimensional Data Mart expertise
Carolyn: 4/5, 7.6/10.
About Cooling For Less (602) 910-3894
Area of Expertise
1986 Angels Postcards #13
Annette Bening (American Beauty)
Preheat oven to 325 degrees F. Line two baking sheets with parchment paper.
My kids and husband have eaten hundreds of these over the years. They are crunchy, peanut buttery, and have the traditional cross-hatch marks too. Dipped in milk they make the perfect after school (or late night) snack, and they travel well in a lunch bag. They are crisp on the edges and chock-full of nuts, with the slightest bit of give in the middle. Make sure to look for shortening that has no trans-fats.
He passed the day roaming around the place.
I know this would be an ambitious undertaking – but I do believe it is achievable. More importantly, I believe it is the kind of approach that is needed here in the U.S. Our needs are greater than can be met by any single individual. Neither Coe, Bubka, nor Juantorena could single handedly get the job done here, in the same way that they have been able to do in their own countries. Our challenges are daunting, our demographics very different. We require the collective work of our best – and I belive that this model would provide that.
The sphinx never tells its secrets, but its influences are c­­­­­­lear. Just ask Herschell Gordon Lewis.
He excavates some of the forgotten notables who made Fort Greene and Clinton Hill their home, and adds enticing new details to those whose time there is well remembered, such as the literary figures Walt Whitman, Richard Wright and Marianne Moore (the latter, who moved to Fort Greene in 1929 to be nearer her brother, the chaplain at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, was a diehard Dodgers fan, often seen at Ebbets in her trademark black cape and tricorn hat).
19. Making me special dinners and wonderful memories.
VHLEN Blog (vhlenblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
“Yeah, well, you know since High School
Listed below are a few Brooklyn restaurants that have managed to rack up a surprisingly large number of violation points on their Dept. of Health inspections.
OK, the dream was a LOTR cheap make of a section – like the finding of gollum thing was (only that was done SOOOOO much better than this)…unless this was a spoof of that…anyway there’s this battle line of the enemy, a woman sorta resembling Eowyn (who is a whiny, whiny woman v prone to tears and broad gesticulations). Aragorn is a complete and UTTER pansy. He also has the wild (yet stylish) gesticulations down. He has very stylish (in character for him anyway) clothes – all tailor mades, bias cuts etc…to show off his ‘manliness’ of which there wasn’t much – he had practically no calf muscles and was skinny as. Anyway he and the Eowyn girl and another (more manly man (also known as reccuring in my dreams mystery guy) are in a trio and discuss what to do about the baddies (who are for some reason waiting patiently). Aragorn does all these broad gesticulations and pulls out these TINY tiny daggers (not even as long as my palm) and proposes to go in as the diplomat and if it doesn’t work then the daggers will do all the work (did I mention his stylish clothes were cotton? – he isn’t wearing any armour whatsoever?). More discussion, and then with more gesticulations (knives in hand) saunters (yes that is what he did he sauntered) over to the enemy. The dream ten cut to the TV reporter who was reporting on the battle. He was from so Morning TV show and was wearing siny shiny silver (very highly polished shiny silver armour) it was GLEAMING. Cant remember much about what he was reporting on cos I never remember conversation. But the dream ended with him saying to the presenter in the studio ‘by the way, the fat suit stinks’.
This young lady was more reticent than Garbo to share her story. Normally, I don't really ask people to participate in i live here:SF. In some cases, I do, but mostly I rely on volunteers and referrals to make the project happen.
I have to wonder though how much of the problems Hill outlines are actually down to England rather than to Wales. Wales did vote for the Labour government that lead us into the Iraq war, although they were elected under false pretences ('ethical foreign policy'?)
Ok, so, I have been in denial. I’m in denial that it’s ok just because I have accepted my food addiction. Where in truth, I’m using my acceptance to justify not changing or having control. The acceptance means I have no accountability and no responsibility for the consequences of my choices.
Did the police ask to interview people at the NotW via the solicitors and if so, were they rebuffed?
There is an old saying that Happiness is not the destination, but the journey. Take a moment to remember that – and believe you are more in control of your path than you realize.
Parking-costs: 10,00 Euros (!!!!Horror!!!)(Secret number for getting into the parking-house after the show: ****)
2044.E-IX/20/1992. “Involve Congress in Vice-Presidential Choice.” New York Times, September 20, 1992, sec. 4, p. 16. See Chicago Daily Law Bulletin, September 2, 1992, p. 2. (Incorporated in Item C-1996(6), above, p. 253. n. 9.) See, also, Item E-VIII/8/2000, above. Compare Item C-1999(8), above. See, as well, Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 814-15.
A pattern began to emerge. Again and again, I was being told that the accompanying ‘text’ was great but ‘would I be willing to let it go to another illustrator?’ It took me a couple of years before I could bring myself to say: ‘yes’.
The report's outright lies, omissions and bias had been revealed long before by some notable experts, but that didn't stop the EU, the UN Human Rights Council from endorsing it as gospel and the basis for future actions.
Because ‘my father was a wandering Aramean’, and I remember where we’re coming from.
CD: How often do you meet?
I wanted to be able to jump into the action as soon as possible, without having to worry about fragility or spells, so I knew the Barbarian would be a great fit. I typically played a Paladin in Diablo II, and tend to favor melee classes in most computer games, and I wasn't about to change here.
Me, too, Kate! Me too. I am almost 6 feet tall myself, so statistically, that significantly cuts into the marriageable pool when height is involved. I have no problem dating shorties, but…depending on the man, this is an issue. (I don’t actually ever call them shorties aloud, by the way. I realize how demeaning and self-sabotaging that would be in the dating arena.)
Riots! Haven’t you heard? Riots have broken out in Detroit!
17. Cooking III: How not to Inflict Your Diets on Other People
Friday. A day to relax. A day for me to catch up with the madness that is the week. A day for me to cheat and upload a video to feign a blogpost. Can I live. Nonetheless, I like posting TED videos because 99% of the crap on the net is just that: Crap. I like that the youth of today don’t have enough patience to sit through a 15 minute video. I don’t blame them. I don’t even blame social media. I blame Flava’ Fav.
“Flight attendants…
I don't want to let go of him. I want a chance to talk to him more. To know him...
Is there a more familiar meal to the average American family than one that includes some form of meat and potatoes? One of those hearty meals is definitely Meatloaf and it's usually accompanied by some form of potato side dish. Now, I know that meatloaf isn't necessarily just an "American" concept. It's origins date back to fancy meat terrines and pates that have been made in multiple cultures for centuries, but the one I'm posting today is the simple version that has graced the tables of American families for generations.
What do you think of Post-Rock & Experimental movement in 2002?
I’m not naive, I know the system will fight back and hard. But I don’t like the world how it is, and this is not something I can simply ignore, because I’m reminded of it every single day, many times. So unless I try to change it, I don’t have the right to complain about it.
I talked with our loan officer today, and as things stand now, we will be closing around the 10th of May. YAY!!
I asked for it via the Interlibrary Loan department. They located it in a library several states away and, within a few weeks, obtained that copy and loaned it to me for four weeks at no charge. I browsed the book, enjoyed it, and then returned it. For me Crazy Lace is encouraging, but falls into an awkward spot -- it won't seem revolutionary to experienced lace knitters, but could be overwhelming to new lace knitters.
Then the in-text citation would look like this:
He bursts out the door with a bestial cry and a gallop, chases the offending rodent up to a tree or fence and then secures the perimeter, walking all around the pool and fence lines until he is absolutely sure that the coast is clear.
I'm aware that I'm trying to add logic and reason to the Bible here but if I don't then who will?
I mean I am the oldest most experienced writer here I mean after all why else would they. . .
So like I said, the song isn’t finished yet. It keeps shifting and crawling forwards, saying that it isn’t quite ready. I’ve made peace with that for now I think, just like when I thought that I might not get it finished in time for the week’s deadline. I threw my hands in the air – you can only work so hard on something without burning yourself out. Falling asleep in a pile of song sheets and a instruments makes me think I’m doing ok-ish at holding up my end.
because Donald was a friend of mine.
Touched the bottom at the twelve foot mark!
Oh NOOOOOOOO! Yeah...well...that's why my blog looks WEIRD today. I am really hoping my blog angel comes through and saves the day...I have apparently lost some "coding".
When to use: During a sideline shot of a triumphant opposing player.
Some entrepreneurs purchase toll free phone numbers from Phone.com to address these issues. However, sometimes you just can’t be in the office all day to take calls. That’s where Phone.com Mobile Office comes in.
So there, scattered in a garden in Provence, the ashes of the two lynchpins of my circle within circle theme, lie close by a memorial to the woman of whom her daughter writes: "Mummy and Rory both had the same quality of innocence. The dark spots of life were discarded and not allowed to intrude on their existence. They saw the world through a golden haze and if you were lucky enough to be part of their magic circle they took you through into that fairyland where life was always fun and always filled with beauty. The reverse simply wasn't tolerated, or perhaps noticed."
he never quite understands;
And now we have all new nice and modern plumbing. We also capped and removed an old stack that ran to a dry well in the backyard. Now it's all consolidated into one nice little space that we can frame around without creating extra an bulkhead, bump out, or soffits.
The boyfriend facepalmed when I said “You’d never know there’s a half kilo of veggies in this.” And I realised I say that every time I make lasagne or chili – I’m just so predictable. But honestly! You’d have no idea.
6.) Which characteristic do you wish for?
TTM4 p.8
Last fall we introduced you all to Maki Jones and told you that we would be adding her for a three month stint as a guest designer. Well, we all decided (pretty early on) that we couldn't let her go! The funny thing is - we were all so comfortable with her on the team, we forgot to tell all of YOU that she was sticking around for good! :-) She's is such an uber talented member of the team and we're so glad she's not going anywhere!
When orchard after orchard
Here's a guestblog I did for Girl's Guide to Paris, cross posting a bit here but there's a lot more including some ideas to celebrate Bastille Day in Paris -- click here to read the rest!
When the sequence in a camera is initiated, the light received by the Sensor is converted into Data which is transferred across thin metal conductors. However, here is where Data loss becomes a problem. The Sensor is made up of millions of little pixels which receive light. There is not adequate space to give each pixel its own dedicated metal conductor for Data Transfer, so there ends up being about 100,000 or more pixels attached to 1 metal conductor lead.
The usual response to that kind of statement is, “We just need the Holy Spirit to do a reviving work…”
--Terry Johnson
Pileated Woodpecker 1
Inseparable. Best friends.
Bottom line: Sirius is our sky’s brightest star (although not as bright as the planets Venus and Jupiter, now in the west after sunset), but not the most luminous star in the sky. In other words, it’s an ordinary star that only appears bright to us because it is relatively nearby.
Bachmann: I am the IRS candidate
because they have to re shoot all the scenes with the another actress and will lead to nothing else just to increase films budget.But Genelia D Souza has Vanished all the rumors by saying that she had left the film because dates were clashing with Navdeep Singh’s film which is starring Abhay Deol and it was not possible for Genelia D Souza to do both the movies together. Thats why she had opted to move out of the film Bol Bachchan.
Instruction for custard sauce
Level 3: MP Cost: 10, Duration: 90 seconds, All Stats: +2%.
Me too..it has been a long road. If you are inclined to do so..please pray for complete healing and many pain free years.
Referred to casually as an "into Africa" scenario – as opposed to an "out of Africa" one – this would mean that "our ancestors lived in Europe and only later migrated to Africa, where modern humans are thought to have evolved."
I'm not looking for love, so save your games for them
The pepperoni roll will be oozing with cheese and looking quite scrumptious. Let it cool before cutting for heaven's sake! I know it's tempting to dive right in there, but give it time to cool and set up.
Stop Press... updated. Our freecycler received a "Dyson Vacumn" in response to her plea.
4. Allowing their children to run wild.
I carried on a text message conversation last Saturday morning for at least a half hour while basically asleep. I picked up my phone later that day to text that person back and saw an entire conversation that I did NOT remember having. And then I looked at the date. And then the time. And then I vaguely remembered hearing my phone go off that morning and answering at least one text...but the rest of the conversation? How in the heck did it get there? And why does it make sense?
I don’t know why these apostles of Satan always insist on speaking in Ye Olde English. I suspect it’s an attempt to match the language of the Bible – keeping up with the Jehovahs as it were. Nevertheless, I decided to get out of bed and comply with her request. She was pointing inside the bathroom, so I thought I’d better check it for spiders.
One editor has recently been advising that I look to the structure of Heart of Darkness when composing my articles. His advice is timely; for the past few months, I've been considering re-visiting or even introducing myself to various classic authors.
For those interested – I just got a copy of The “digital download” version of Dick B. and Ken B., Stick with the Winners! How to Conduct More Effective 12-Step Recovery Meetings Using Conference-Approved Literature at www.dickb.com The book is for your personal use and is copyrighted so forgive me for not forwarding out a copy for you.
I apologise to all those (including myself) who will now be singing that song all day!
Josh is my tempermental daddy's boy. He does love his mama but mostly when dad isn't around. He can be quite stubborn but as soon as he realizes he isn't getting his way he caves and is very compliant. He is the neatest of the three. If asked to clean something he happily does it. He loves to cuddle, mostly with daddy. He is constantly worried about his brother and sister. If one of them is hurt or sick extremely empathetic. They all are, his is just more pronounced. He is still very much an animal lover. He loves all things cute and furry, regardless of size.
Since I talked about Pintrest on my April 18th post, I just had to do something using it for my R topic. It is amazing what you can find on Pintrest and I thought it would be neat to share what I found there by simply typing the phrase: Really?
This is an ongoing story I've decided to write and put on my blog every Monday. Please excuse the errors, I'm only doing limited editing. Constructive criticism welcome. I wish I had a cute button on the side where the story could go but I don't know how to make a button. Even if I did I wouldn't know how to link up the story LOL. So if you miss a chapter, you'll have to look at my sidebar for it. The first chapter was written on October 23, 2011 so that should at least be some help,
I know what gives me sweet slow release
The question is who is to benefit? On the one hand, it gives the U.S. new opportunities for selling its weapons to the stalwarts of democracy in the Gulf region. But, on the other hand, one cannot get rid of the impression that the whole wave of the so called “revolutions” in the Middle East initiated in Tunisia in December 2010 and having Iran as its ultimate aim serves the interests of only one geopolitical player in the region – that is, Saudi Arabia with its satellites.
by simply omitting the second chain in the corner and slip stitching to
I have spent the rest of the night trying to figure out what it is that I need. She asked me what my life would look like if it did not completely revolve around S. Because right now it does. The job I have, the house I live in, the school district, the dog, how I spend all of my time-- that ALL revolves around him. I take breaks from him, and do other things--- but I always justify it in my head by saying, "I am doing this so that I can take better care of him when I am done."
You were there to see us through
As I type this, the landlady’s henchmen are on the roof and the wraparound balcony trying to seal up the holes that are allowing tropical squirrels (which look a little like chipmunks) to nest in our attic and family room. Yes, adorable little tropical squirrels have taken up residence in our house. One day one was running industriously back and forth from a little hole high up the wall in our family room, along the rafters, through our bedroom and into our bathroom and presumably up to the attic. Gertrude Bell exclaimed, “Get me a ladder and I will climb up and catch it!” I sighed and hoped the thing wasn’t about to have babies in the wall. Last night after The International Man of Intrigue and I went to bed, we could hear the squirrel chirping in the attic. My big fear today is that the landlady’s henchmen have sealed up the openings to the outside without driving out our little friend. The last thing I need is a dead squirrel in the attic. I much prefer my attic squirrels alive, thank you.
I'll be honest. They approached me and asked me to give it a try. It was good timing. I was finally ready to try something new and (hopefully) easy on the side of digi/hybrid. So, why not? I downloaded the software and dabbled in it for a while.
This movie needed to be a hard R. I know why they didn’t. Hell, I’d have done the same thing if I were them and their 150+ opening weekend shows it worked. But things were hardcore in the damn book. People were getting gutted. People were starving. The games were epic.
1:20-1:30: Boats 10, 12, 14, and 16 are lowered as panic begins to set in. When Boat 14 is lowered Fifth Officer Lowe fires his gun into the air to keep people from jumping into the boat.
A fun and colorful tree!
The placenta came away very quickly, maybe 5-10 minutes later, and Tyler was already breastfeeding when the midwife turned up five minutes later. I couldn't stop apologising, I was so sad that after all these months they had missed out on the birth!
I've been a part of the group for over 2 years now. My writing has improved immensely with their help. Not only that, but it's wonderful to have people to rely on when the days are tough and to celebrate with you when the days are great. They are amazing friends as well as fab critique partners!
I called to you in a dream whisper
We also had some visitors to our flowers. Check out these little boys, they are actually about 1.25 inches long. I have seen the black type flying around, but this golden colored type I have never seen before. I was wondering if maybe it is a new born bee, or?
3) Figure out my living situation...whatever it is going to be. If I can just find something cheap and decent for 2-3 years that would make me a happy man.
“Despite the weak start to the year, the economy appears solid,” said Scott Hoyt, senior director of consumer economics, Moody’s Analytics. “Looking beyond temporary factors, GDP appears to be growing at an annual rate near 2.5%. While hardly a boom pace, this is strong enough to expand employment and reduce joblessness especially as some of the current drags wane in the second half of the year.”
Will you get subscribers immediately? Well, I've had a newsletter signup on my Animal Junkie blog since it went live and no one's signed up. Why? Because I haven't given anyone a reason to sign up there. Lesson learned. The newsletter signup there is gone. But, I'm now using the Steel Magnolia Press newsletter to convey news.
Second warehouse and dock entrance
A pioneering horror classic, and still one of the most successful anthologies to date, with five different stories directed by four different directors.'The Ventriloquist's Dummy', featuring Michael Redgrave's unforgettable performance as a ventriloquist whose dummy gets the upper hand. The dummy's name is Hugo and he is without a doubt the scariest wooden wee shit ever...and believe me the films final scene with Hugo will give you nightmares...forever and ever!
Your text is minimal, and so is mine, and they’re often just updates on current activities. Especially if we’re teenagers.
Is it obvious to state that these cookies are really, really good? The almond butter biscuits are crispy and delicate, almost lacy, and not too sweet, embracing an oozy, syrupy center that creates that fine balance between the inside and out.
#Some call her sexy, to some she is still a mystery. With similar lives and troubles we shared an everlasting bond but who could predict such drastic future…
Both again coloured using inks. The one one the right has been covered in Versamark ink and triple embossed with clear embossing powder and edge with a gold Krylon pen. All of the shapes have been cut with nestabilities and layered. The main card has been cut using the largest of the shapes. Because these have been printed off small you could have a colouring evening and get a load done ready for matting and layering and that’s your Christmas cards done. When colouring any image choose your papers first and choose colours to go with the papers, its alot easier than trying to rummage through your paper stash to find a papers to go with the colours you have used.
Some changes may be possible, as usual... For example, we're considering adding some narrow lace to the hem. But now I've got to head back to work!
I love my husband and my beautiful children dearly. They are smart, obedient, caring and compassionate. I do not regret the choices that I have made. I have realized that we have been brought together for a very important reason. I just don’t know what it is yet, but I am learning. My life has been turned upside down with the truth, and I am trying to read and learn all I can. I used to blame my liberal white friends for living in the expensive suburbs and worrying about “safe schools”, but now I have great compassion for them. I too long for a safe and friendly place to raise my children.
If you’re interested in learning more about Lenore Skenazy and the “Free Range Kids” movement, check out her blog. She’s a sharp cookie and has also written a book by the same name (“Free Range Kids,” not “Sharp Cookie”). I credit her completely with all references to Free Range Kids, paranoid parents statistics, and so forth. Check her out. Her book is on Kindle too. I bought it.
Proskurowski and study co-author Tobias Kukulka, University of Delaware, said that data collected from just the surface of the water commonly underestimates the total amount of plastic in the water by an average factor of 2.5. In high winds, the volume of plastic could be underestimated by a factor of 27.
By 2050, Americans will look different. The infusion of Asians and Hispanics will lead to a new kind of American civilization that will exist “across the entirety of human cultures and racial types. No other advanced populous country will enjoy this kind of ethnic diversity.”
Passengers can opt in via the “Meet & Seat” program, and KLM will notify the person via email about other passengers who have shared their details.
"We're going to do a scratch test. We'll test her for the most common allergies: milk, egg, peanuts, tree nuts, and wheat. You'll have to be here for a while, as we wait to see if she has a reaction."
Much Luv, Yaz~
The ocean means different things to different people. What does the ocean mean to you?
Brew’s Best Hand-Crafted Beer Festival features live music and showcases craft beers from around the country served along The Village’s waterfront cobblestone streets. Attendees can also participate in an Intro to Craft Beer class, offered from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Villaggio Conference Center.
I'm very hopeful for what will become of Jodi Meadows' skill as a writer. Her ideas were brilliant. I really want to see what she does in the sequel.
It can be clearly imagined, how old the simulator games are.
I like to have all of our clothes picked out by Saturday night for church on Sunday. Less scrambling and decision making at the last minute before church. I lay my husband's suit, shirt and tie out while he is showering, so that is one less thing he will have to do. This is something that is not expected of me, but that I enjoy doing. Before I ever even start to get myself ready, I get Nevaeh all dressed and lay out her Bible, her offering and a canned food that she takes each Sunday to give to our local food pantry.I then focus my attention on my Sunday School teaching materials, making sure they are in the bag. I check to make sure all of the necessary items needed for the children's message are in the bag too. So, as you can see, there is a lot to do to actually make it all run smoothly and get us out the door by 9:30 a.m.
We must be on guard against false prophets, pretenders and campaigners with personal agendas.
6. From clinging to ordained ministry to developing team leadership
The conversation starts to die down, then somebody asks the real question.
Our lives are a unique juxtaposition between two worlds, life and death and between two states of being: incredible, immeasurable sadness balanced against the will and pressure to live again and find joy.
Yesterday I received the coveted Versatile Blogger Award from Sandra over at She Can’t Be Serious. For those unfamiliar with this particular WordPress honor, it’s a way for avid WordPress bloggers to pat each other on the back while generating more hits. Recipients are supposed to list seven little-known facts about themselves and then spread the award around by providing links to twelve or fifteen (I’m not sure which it is) other bloggers’ sites.
Kalamari
No I am not talking about getting the job. I am talking about succeeding at your job.
The train scenes take place on carefully restored cars from the Orient Express. I found the fight scene on the train to be well-choreographed and skillfully filmed in very confining spaces—in the actual train.
We think too much and feel too little:
To replenish the purse, there are various ways, the most popular of them – translated from another partypoker rakeback, the exchange of cash or other electronic money in exchange (the list is the Webmoney site), bank transfer, acquisition of special WMZ-cards. Strictly for the remittance of money to enter the commission does not take, but all types of transfers is usually meant for a small additional cost, usually 1-5%. To withdraw money available the same ways, except cards, the commission system is 0,8%, plus possible commission brokers.
DJ Junior (John Santoro’s 6 years old son)
At Sport18, we believe in serving up sport with a dash of fun and lots of professionalism. But even though we have professionals backing up each and every organisational aspect of India Cyclothon, we feel that it is the commitment and enthusiasm of volunteers that gives the event just that additional joie de vivre that gives the event its flavour.
The consequences are all too predictable.
At that moment this distraught mother went into overdrive. I don't think I have ever texted so many complete sentence as quickly as that in my life. I was a woman possessed. The reception was poor and the land lines were not open. We had to rely on what little text messages we could get thru.
I was getting a quick dinner for the kids minutes before our babysitter arrived, when the phone rang. I answered it, but apparently I've lost my finely honed multi-tasking abilities, because I promptly grabbed the pan from the oven with both hands.
Dick Clark's Primetime New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest ... ABC ... 10 PM - 11 PM *NEW
You can take my word for it, that for men like me, a marriage after the type of Goethe’s would be the best of all—that is to say, a marriage with a good housekeeper! But even this idea is repellent to me. A young and cheerful daughter to whom I would be an object of reverence would be much more to the point.[6]
7. Being Persistent in Getting Help
Some are stronger than others.
I think it’s important to give him mention because his generosity builds the foundation of the tree’s purpose: to offer people an opportunity to immediately experience giving nurturing energy to the planet and receiving life-sustaining energy in return.
PIIPA is Public Interest Intellectual Property Advisors, Inc. It describes itself as "a global nonprofit resource for emerging economies and public interest organizations in developing countries seeking expertise in intellectual property matters to promote health, agriculture, biodiversity, science, culture, and the environment". The second in PIIPA's series of Pro Bono IP Case Studies has now been circulated by email. It reads as follows:
Make a lasting impression this holiday season with a unique gift from one of Kybele’s partnering countries. Shop from a wide variety of colorful handmade bags from Ghana, stylish pashminas from Turkey, papyrus wall hangings from Egypt, jewelry from Romania, and much more.
Arsenal v Man United – 4.00 Sunday (Live on Sky Sports 1)
So as you embark on or get real about your journey to spiritual and physical fitness, make sure you have all that you need and remove the obstacles you are able to. But thats not ALL you need… its not all about your effort and preparation, God wants to help to overcome those struggles, limitations and hinderances, if only you would submit your life to Him. "For it is God who works in you to will and to act according to His good purpose" Phil 2:13.
Potatoes
which has some notoriety as a result of the fact that the Eagles, which toured with Tull in ‘72, used the same chord progression in “Hotel California”. Different key, different time signature, but Ian Anderson noticed as well, and graciously said in an interview that he considered it “a tribute, much in the same sense as the tribute Rolex watch I’m now wearing.”
The wardrobe is painted blue inside
Have no illusions, the Curse specifies: human flesh and blood. This isn’t a nicety. An animal won’t ‘do’, at a pinch. Refuse the hunger what it demands and see what happens. The hunger isn’t at all pleased. The hunger feels it is incumbent on itself to teach you a lesson. One you won’t forget.
Pat’s Pub was on Prospect Avenue off of Greenwood Avenue down the block from the local firehouse. In order to get there you had to cross what was called by local youth the ‘Snake Bridge’-a fairly ugly green bridge that crossed over the Prospect Expressway. This expressway kinda separated these two areas of the neighborhood. Even though it was really only a stones throw away, we rarely ever ventured over it.
Me: Delaware is a state.
Further than your
A competing study on women turns in a less rosy result - moderate female drinkers, that have recovered from breast cancer, are INCREASING their chances of getting breast cancer again. Here's the story from CNN. Of course, the women's study also noted that the 34% of moderate drinker survivors that had a return of cancer were also overweight or obese.
I argued that it was silly for (students who were presumably) christians to get upset by someone asserting that the (supernatural) Jesus is fictional. After all, this is what practically every jew, muslim, hindu, buddhist, atheist, and agnostic in the school believes. More importantly, I argued that the school was wrong to punish Shott for class disruption caused by other students. Shott was following the rules. The idea that a student could be so upset over the assertion that their religion is untrue that they would cause a classroom disturbance, and that a school administrator could put the responsibility for such immaturity on Jeff Shott, and punish him for asserting an unpopular opinion, is outrageous. This sort of issue is exactly what free speech is about.
Penny's talk was thoughtfully placed right before lunch. This year's lunch showcased some of the top chefs in Austin with deep roots in the food community. There were several goals for the lunch 1. Create an interactive food experience to drive engagements 2. Serve fantastically creative dishes 3. Highlight the leaders in our food community and 4. showcase locally sourced foods.
“They had to keep this going for over a year in order to accomplish the recalls, so they’ll take any ally that they can use and tap into that energy,” he adds.
Special thanks to Hanni Rützler www.futurefoodstudio.at
Let’s bring this city to life – tonight
Listening to it reminded me of a poem i wrote a long while back,
"Actually I like the whole beachy coastal theme" I added and then we left it at that.
Nothing But Trouble 1991 Hollywood Movie Watch Online : Stagevu Link : Alternative Link :
Rand: How many times could we go to RedBox for the same amount?
9 And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, Beware that thou pass not such a place; for thither the Syrians are come down.
Will we see a Clijsters vs Venus Williams final?
My mom was raised by a nursemaid and by her father, who doted on her.
The fire was put out now (something Creme had a little something to do with; her attempt at an ice spell turned into water that put out the fire (sure, it was hot water, but at least it wasn’t more fire)) and they were in the tent. In theory trying to sleep. It was really kind of awkward to be in the same tent as the draenei, right next to her in fact. She knew Brulee wasn’t asleep yet; she always breathed more heavily when she was sleeping. Not that Creme knew from staying up late and trying to sneak away at night. Nope, not at all.
The Island Kids program continues to be managed effectively and to offer a well-received program. The request is for scholarships for the summer camp that the program runs. With an income eligibility test to receive a camp scholarship, the program benefits low and moderate income residents. Last year, the number of applicants for full and partial scholarships exceeded the funds available. This year, the participation in the program is expected to grow again.
The following story is a perfect example of why these judges are dangerous and must be removed from our judicial system:
The museum entrance fee is RM12.00 (approx $3.69) and is well worth the visit. The Qur'an and Manuscript Gallery is but one small part of the museum but contains a respectable number of beautiful books. I have included a small sample from my photographs below (photography is permitted in the museum, provided a flash is not used).
Me and my dad always beg my mom to make Christmas bread. It’s a delicious type of bread that is topped with icing. We try to get mom to make it as many times as possible.
Though I lost a bunch of favorites that I included last time, I think this is a more coherent group of films aesthetically, historically, and thematically. It allows us a lot more deliberate time talking about methods of storytelling, effects of genre, etc. I also decided I wanted to challenge the students' knowledge and assumptions about what cinema was, is, and can be. I fear they'll find a lot of it boring, but hopefully I'll be able to show them what to look for to find at least some engagement in each movie.
And her first (and only) cut (measuring about 10" long) - covered in patches - her dad was driving truck then, and she had to have Mickey and Minnie ....
The best way to determine what you need to pack is by using the animal preparation worksheet. Water is usually 1 ounce per pound of weight per day. The typical 16.9 fl oz water bottle will be enough water for 16 lb dog. If your experiencing high heat, remember your dog will need more water than normal. The amount of food that is needed is based on the dog.
08-Five Hundred Dollars
Where were we last night? Where? At the super killer English Dogs show!!! What a fantastic show, featuring three original members from the 1984/1987 era with a new pair of brothers on bass and other guitar. They played Forward Into Battle and To The Ends Of The Earth, and it was a totally amazing demonstration in crossover. The only song from the punk era was the encore Psycho Killer. The whole performance was a blast of megazer, an avalanche of killer 80s thrash with all the teeth and claw of all the awesome come-backs we had the chance to watch in the past years like Razor, Exciter/Beehler, Vulcain, Raven, Amebix, Onslaught... We can only hope they record these sets for a live release, Bitte schön. Don't miss them if this tour's trajectory crosses your area.
Sunshine DVD/Independent Lens Review
Booty City by Black Joe Lewis & The Honeybears
Poor Husband. He really seems quite taken aback. His Can Be Moody, miserable old cow of a wife is now Mrs Shouty.
Sometimes in life you feel led to take the road less traveled. And as you are rolling along, enjoying the view, difficulty or hardship . . . or a deer . . . will hurl itself at you rendering you motionless for a time.
Ha’aretz correspondent Avi Issacharoff reported from Hebron that Ahmed al-Harbawi, brother of the alledged bomber Muhammed al-Harbawi, doesn’t believe his sibling carried out the attack. “I still expect him back,” his mother said in the interview. Issacharoff was unconvinced, however, and described Muhammed as a “bespectacled athlete-turned-suicide bomber” who chose to kill.
The two of us (Oom Robert and myself) had many discussions on this topic, on which we saw eye to eye. He used to use the term "Cape Dutch" for the Cape variety of White Afrikaans-speakers, a term most accurately describing them, and historically sound, being a term which the British themselves coined and used for all Afrikaans-speaking White People, especially in the Cape. I normally say that they are Afrikaans-speaking Englishmen (or women, as the case may be), but as I've previously mentioned, or hinted at, this sickness has spread to beyond the Vaal River.
I was already willing to settle for Romney once before back in 2008, but thanks to Huckabee we wound up getting stuck with McCain... so instead of a candidate with an iffy record and good salesmanship, we wound up getting one with an iffy record and no discernable desire to even win the election. Let's not do that one ever again, please.
VG: Well, I love all William Golding’s books. ‘The Fall’, ‘The Inheritors’, ‘Pincher Martin’, ‘The Spire’ - and his best known one, but the one he thought was his weakest - ‘The Lord of the Flies’.
Competition is strong in every factor of our economy and it’s a major concern for everybody at the C-Level. Larger institutions are buying smaller competitors and even the other way around, in order to gain more market share. The CEO Level is charged with finding new approaches to increasing revenues, cutting costs in their operations, getting more done with less, all to gain a competitive advantage over others in their industry. When we call on C-level buyers, we must think like C-level buyers! We need to be thinking about ways that we might be able to help C-Level buyers accomplish their company goals.
But disappointing in the background to the question was the revelation that same day about AMC Akers replying to a member of the public that her remit was indeed limited. This unfortunately confirms what a Met source told me last Monday: that a few career warning shots have been fired across Sue’s bows by the uniformed dissemblers around her. I have now heard from three separate sources that, to date, no police enquiry has nailed a senior member of Newscorp management; and thus I am left hoping that the failure is genuine rather than the result of others’ encouraging her to fail.
The real world can be a let-down, you need your own space, need to feel in control at times don't you? It’s the only way I know. It’s how I learn. I don't need any big words or big books to tell me that the only real way to communicate is with pure passion!
On a different note, how did the little lump Lexi found progress? Did you get it reevaluated?
There was a lot of restrictions, no gas or oil was the largest issue, since I had planned to ride the bike to where it needed to go. “No problem,” was the reply, “we will come and pick it up.” Really?
My biggest problem is and always has been my diet! It used to be that i was just too much of a pig and i didnt want give up foods that i liked! Now a couple years into it, i am better on what i eat and most of the time eat pretty clean but i still eat too much volume and i dont eat often enough. i know, i know, that sounds completely odd but think of it this way. If i ate like the boss laid out for me so that i was consuming enough calories throughout the day then i wouldnt be starving at night after work and eating way more than i am supposed to. I am supposed to be drinking a protein shake at 3pm, 260 +/- calories almost all protein. But i get busy and forget and before i know it is 4 or 5 and im hungry and so by the time i get home around 6, i eat too much and generally it is too much carbs! My other problem is i way lose it on the weekends if im not busy. being home is a bad thing for me!
Hang on, dear friend. Listen with your heart, and you'll hear Jill speak your name. Believe.
We had two months where I swore I was pregnant; one I was almost 6 days late and then the dreaded period came :/ That heartache really weighed heavy on me.
The objection in question came from the presenter Justin Schieber (I think that’s how you spell it anyway) and was based on a series of questions and objections he put to Craig on the Unbelievable podcast (hosted by Justin Brierly). The full exchange was set out in Episode 92 of the Reasonable Doubts podcast pretty quickly, and on a first listen I wasn’t sure if it was particularly interesting. I became slightly more convinced of it merits on a second listen, and I decided to write up this blog post in order to see whether there is anything to it. After all, one only really understands something when one tries to explain it to others.
Watercolor on watercolor paper, about 8"x12".
- A scene from Noah's POV
There are a lot of what I term average grudge holders in the world. I have a dear friend who has a friend she adores. Of her she says, “She’s always been a very good friend to me, but there was the one time in high school where she said something that really hurt me.” High school for her was about 60 years ago. She carries other things around that she’s been unable to forgive, and they have added up, and I can see how they weigh her down.
He hath more worthy interest to the state
The wheezing toilet trickled through a ridiculously un-satisfying flush, failing to move the toilet paper.
(Farrar, Straus and Giroux) - Interview coming soon.
The backside doesn't really need the paint either so I did the same kind of thing. I used two coats of black acrylic paint.
The first: April 19, 1995 - The bombing of Alfred P. Murrah building in Oklahoma City. I am a native Oklahoman. I was born and raised here. I still live here. My husband works in downtown OKC now. And on that morning, I was sitting in Mrs. Johnson's 6th grade class, when a classmate came in and said "There was a building bombed in Oklahoma City". No one knew what was going on, but as we started getting more information, we watched the news. At home, I watched the horror and devastation on the news. I remember the picture of the fireman holding the baby that he had brought out of the rubble. I remember our 6th grade classes learning to sign "From a Distance" by Bette Midler. I remember when they imploded the rest of the building...I watched it live on National t.v. I remember it all.
Thursday’s Quizzler is……….
Ultimately, what it all comes down to is the ability to engage the players in a dialogue about their actions in game, and their reactions out of game. It means being able to gauge everyone attention span for the evening and (going back to flexibility!) playing down the creepy ambiance in favor of simple descriptions and head-bashing combat. Or playing UP the ambiance and dialing back the combat! Or dropping extra hints about where to find the next clue, or having the cute tavern owner make googly eyes at the character who’s been quiet all night and might need some attention, or realizing that no-one is interested in your scenario about rival gangs in the town they just came to for supplies. But they ARE interested in finding out why the local temple has closed its doors to the public!
Lately my toddler, C has been getting in on the action. If she is not napping whilst we do school, she wants to be up and in the action. Thank God for "spare worksheets" she thinks she is doing school too. Which she is really. She also loves using the flash cards and pointing at the pictures and trying to say new words. I have noticed she can say some sounds, "a", "b", she is starting to count "1", "2", "3", she loves to colour and draw and I see she is starting to hold the pencil correctly already.
To be fair, the worldbuilding has potential; the title, Shadowmagic, refers to a kind of magic that draws on tree sap rather than gold, the source for magic known as Truemagic. There’s also runes involved and lands that have affiliation with types of trees. Of course, it’s not explained very well, but it’s interesting! And I quite like the idea that the different types of magical creatures in Irish folklore are really just differing nationalities of folk in Tir Na Nog, as Conor points out at one point. So there’s that. But it’s buried under the weight of an aggressively unfunny main character, a complete lack of set-up for anything (which keeps it from having any impact), and some astounding stupidity on the part of the characters. Yeesh.
What are you planning for your sweetheart this Valentine's?
What goals do you have set for yourself for this round? Looking back on my first round, I can tell I was nervous and unsure the I would succeed. I set good goals, but what I set were small goals. I suppose, so that I could be sure I would achieve them. I look forward to setting myself a big challenge now, as it gives me something to really work hard for over each 12 weeks. For me this round, running is definitely going to be that thing!! Who knows, I might become a regular Forest Gump and just keep on running!!
Fill the seemingly blank spaces about you with the thought of God, Infinite Good. Then remember the word God is a seed. It must grow.
And I never ran again.
I will do other events… if they qualify as life’s best moments. Marriage, birth, celebration, endeavor! Can you think of other ‘best’ moments?
gradually started entering challenges. This has been a real source
William, my little boy made me this,
Fat Vampire by Adam Rex
The love I feel for you.
Next look for the dumbest smart phone apps. Yup. I am stooping that low! See y’all later!
Negotiation Phase: How long this phase takes to kick in depends on the individual, but for many it is around the three-month mark. Stark and unfavourable differences between “home” and “host” countries develop and a sense of isolation occurs.
And when I was getting a massage last week for my poor muscles that went straight from hauling luggage (over-packing is necessary when visiting the fashion capital of the world) to hauling harps, this conversation occurred.
Masekela was a co-founder of Chisa Records, 1965 and leader/member of numerous musical groups.
on the edge of midnight
i am wearing...
I give up.
You know and I know my clone sleeps alone
“Are you down? This is going to be a huge undertaking, wouldn’t you agree? But the reward at the other end is enormous. C’mon we can do it, right? One of the main things we’re going to need is a trump tight compensation plan. Shoot me some ideas.”
Roll into balls, flatten with the back of a spoon or a fork and bake. For the Coconut Ice, I rolled the balls in coconut before flattening. For the Lemon Delice, I added a small bit of lemon essence to the dough. Grated lemon rind would've been nice too but I didn't want to risk it with my fussy daughter. She would've complained if she saw specks of 'something' sticking out of a biscuit. For the Choc Crackle Caramel, I rolled the balls in cocoa before pressing.
Two days later, the white mob returned to Rosewood and burned every building in sight.
Beyond all balm, beyond all cure,
Self esteem bear
So, are these seemingly annual Collins announcements just a ploy to grab some headlines, or is it important for the progression of our language that these words become widely accepted as soon as possible? Are they key to our nation’s continuous development? The jury’s still out.
Four songs were put down in three days with Albini, although only one, the punky, abrasive ‘Chi-Town’ about a girl Ryan was going to marry before the band took off, made the cut. The band hope to return to E.A.R. to complete further sessions for their next record, which will include the as yet unissued remaining tracks. “We didn’t want to break them up really” says Gary, “but release them in one go”.
(BTW, if you search for BART stations on Flickr, you get a lot - a LOT - of photos of buskers, FYI. Buskers are beloved by amateur photogs.)
To paraphrase Tony Stark (because I can’t find the quote on Google), Tom Hiddleston is everything America expects an English villain to be. He a camp, over-the-top diva who is utterly evil and wants nothing more than the downfall of the United States (and, as a result, the world). Surprisingly, this is not a criticism. Loki camps it up as an immortal, power-hungry monster as only an ancient god can. As a man with huge power, a thirst for revenge and (as he sees it) a divine and immutable right to rule the world, there is no other way to play it than scene-chewingly angry. He faces every challenge with a curved lip or victorious smile. I loved every second he was on-screen. Even more so once defeat becomes inevitable.
I'm looking forward to what's in store for 2012 and hope that you have a blessed and prosperous year!
I am alive and well, waiting for you. Do not worry, I shall come to your side as soon as you call.
Cover outside of container with felt, fabric, paper or paint. Use exacto knife to make X over punched hole.
$4.00 off any Gas-X Prevention product
Seller's description: A vigorous, stout growing rose whose glossy dark green leaves and long lasting brilliant orange blooms croon a sweet tune in the garden; long cutting stems, and excellent disease resistance; stunning when massed along borders.
I would have had to revise it soon anyway, because it contains links to my blogs. This one is obviously fine, but I have since moved the other from Tumblr over here to WordPress, so the link in the story is a dead end. That doesn’t look that professional. I want to make some formatting changes too – maybe tweak the characters just a little bit, and expand the story just slightly. My plan is to re-release it, as part of the “bundle book” I’ll describe below. And also to release an enhanced version of it, with a price on it. No more freebie story.
The answer: We get praised for how we think!
7 Tin Pan Alley (Roughest Place in Town) 10:29
Skip forward. My son was born, 5 weeks premature. We had boxes of disposables from our baby shower - no one cared that I wanted to use cloth - and no cloth diapers. At the time, I couldn't find any that were small enough for him. I waited patiently and used disposables while he grew. Finally, he reached 7 pounds. Finally, I purchased a few different types and brands of cloth diapers, and I've been building my stash - slowly but surely - ever since.
It's a good season to be Indigenous! I hope everyone had a safe and happy Turkey Day (or You're Welcome Day, or Thanks-taking day, or Day of Mourning, however you chose to celebrate/not celebrate). I've had an incredibly busy month, which I'm sure you noticed, given the lack of anything up here. But back to the blog!
Biggie: Oh, cool. I totally need skinny jeans. Macy’s has the best skinny jeans.
No Chipotle burrito and taco restaurant has ever made me as sad as the one that sits on St Marks Place. I can't be overdramatic and say that every instance of gentrification is a bad one, but this particular case, standing next door to a gourmet grocery store, is a bit more notable than most.
I am finally done with this book. I have to enlarge the screen so I can see the letters I am typing because my eyes are so blurry and hurt from the strain of reading so many hours. I am a lover of books – I can not help it. Can I just mention, once again, that I still love the story “Supernaturals”, “Woman in Black” and “The Man in the Painting”? I know, this is about The Lantern but the residue of these other books is always with me and, unfortunately or not, what I am comparing all the other ghost stories too.
Let me list them, for neatness reasons. Ok? Kay.
OK, this is just plain old common sense, no political agendas for either side. Just common knowledge for citizens of a country, especially American citizens, who know every little tidbit about every other president (and their wives) that even know that Andrew Jackson's wife smoked a corn cob pipe and was accused of adultery, or that Lincoln never went to school or Kennedy wore a back brace or Truman played the piano.
because they do not recognize the voice of strangers.”
Prosecutors filed papers of intent to seek to have Anthony executed if she is convicted of first-degree murder, said Danielle Tavernier, a spokeswoman for the State Attorney’s Office in Orlando.
· Claim that God is doing a “new thing”
Like candles, she swore, “No surrender,”
7) Keep in touch with my friends.
Returned at 35 minutes. ~130 F.
They only have themselves to blame for getting into this position in the first place. If they bothered to follow the First Amendment Establishment Clause in the beginning, they wouldn’t have this problem; but nooooo, they had to try pushing their religious beliefs.
On Monday night I took to the town! Hog Town! Toronto! Lauren and I, colour coordinated in shiny purple(blueberry tart perhaps?) hit the red carpet at the premiere screening of the CBC television series Mr. D. and Republic of Doyle. How we were lucky enough to get into this exclusive, by invitation only event, is a story on to itself. Let's just say, if you want something badly enough, and expect it will happen, it will. Some call it luck. I think it is magic!
This “new” British policy is consistent with the rising nationalism in Europe with anti-immigrant parties having been voted into parliament in the Netherlands and in Sweden in recent times, countries that have prided themselves as “liberal” and “tolerant” societies. Two years ago, the Danish government offered foreigners one hundred thousand krone to leave Denmark. Last year, the French government dangled 300 Euros for every Roma adult and 100 Euros for every Roma child to leave France. France has also banned some forms of Muslim apparel.
Nonetheless, I don't think I'll be there because (A) I just can't seem to save any money lately, so even $30 is probably out of my price range at the moment, especially given our recent vet bills, but the bigger issue is (B) with beers that strong, how in the hell am I going to get back home from Lakecreek? There's no buses out there (at least not on a Sunday evening), and I don't even like driving Hwy. 183 dead sober. Plus (patting myself on the back) I've lost five pounds in the past week – heck, I got pickled on a single pint of Lagunitas IPA last night.
Kiah pulled out a new flash card, it was of a white crayon.
Turn us
“I’ll give you food,” Nikolas said hopefully.
Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow and Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye are both great in their roles and together, though they fight along side powers their humanity doesn’t slow them down, the fight alongside the others well and their backstory is touched upon, I feel we could do with more of these two in the future, they are brilliant together.
He was mildly amusing at times, so I wasn't always offended by his presence in small doses. But he would usually remind me quickly why I didn't like him very much. One night, after the three of us had dinner together, we all got frozen yogurt cones. On our way out of the dining hall, Z decided he was not going to finish his. There was still quite a bit of it remaining. I watched in shock as he opened the US Mailbox, which was positioned next to the garbage can, and dropped his drippy yogurt cone into it.
There is no solution. The great minds struggling
In declaring May 20th to be "Everybody Draw Muhammad Day," Seattle artist Molly Norris created a poster-like cartoon showing many objects -- from a cup of coffee to a box of pasta to a tomato -- all claiming to be the likeness of Muhammad.
While you're a scared little maggot and hide behind your baby.
It was so simple to assemble and after just a few minutes in the oven it came out beautiful!! Sorry I didn't snap a pic, the kids and hubby dove in so quick it was almost gone before I got a slice. Let me tell y'all, it was amazing!!!! I will never make regular pancakes or french toast again!!! Do yourself a favor and head over to Justin's blog and make this recipe!!
Alas, it was not to be. He just wouldn't get into it. His swallower seemed to be broken. He choked every time, and this would usually lead to a vasovagal response, which means that his heart rate dropped to almost nothing and he would basically pass out. This is not an enjoyable experience and so he started to hate to eat. It was much more convenient to be fed through the nose. He even started playing opossum so that we would leave him alone, or he'd just pretend to suck. We call this an oral aversion and had it really taken hold, it would have made life not an enjoyable experience, so we backed off and started being very careful to let him take the lead. Then we tried thickening up his milk with banana baby food, which made it easier for him to figure out what to do with all the liquid in his mouth. We took it very slowly. We waited until it was his idea.
Prior to that I had been involved in business development in various firms including recruitment and publishing. As a child I was always looking for ways to make extra money whether that be taking on extra paper rounds, cleaning (cars, windows, and houses but to my mothers dismay, never my own bedroom). I even had a lunchtime sandwich round on an industrial estate whilst I was waiting for my apprenticeship start date. If I had an idea I would just do it and I suppose whilst this was sometimes a little risky, it forms my overall attitude when confronted with an opportunity and it has put me in good stead in adult life.
* Before getting an agent and achieving publication did you have to deal with rejection along the way? Could you tell us about your journey to publication?
I have to steel myself to go on. I will not molder for the rest of my life. If I’m going to be here on Earth, I want to live, laugh, love. But not yet. I’m not ready to let go of my grief. It’s all I have left of him.
Dr. Lawson is pulling rank and is pretty much ignoring the groups opinions. Chase they should treat her just like any other patient’s mother and scope out her house. Chase and Adams find some experimental drugs in her basement and assume that she’s testing the drugs on Emily, which she has been. Those drugs also cause renal failure in mice and rats. Oops, mama.
Imagine then a world like that of the Jetsons where the surface was unseen and not thought about (except by scientists and industrialists). Floating forests and croplands could be assembled to mimic earth habitats and provide resources for a bourgeoning population of Venusian humans. Skyships would cruise between the flying city states dotted jewel-like in the glowing heavens. Over time these flying habitats could be used to alter the planetary temperature and shield the desolate lands below. Humankind and whatever friends and stowaways came with us would finally have a second home in easy shouting distance of Earth. How long would it be then before we took steps to take Earth life even farther into the universe?
I'd ask you why, but you'd only say "Because"
All of the different pp's are from Cloud9 Seasonal 180 sheet paper pack (including the tree which is strips of the paper wrapped around a pencil then glued)
*Korean deep fry flour is basically seasoned flour mix for deep fry batter. This will make the pancakes quite crisp to bite on. If you can't find this, substitute with cake flour mixed with baking powder, onion powder, and salt.
As usual, I colored her with copic
in Paris
1/4 cup almonds, chopped
Two houses, two sets of utilities, two sets of taxes and insurance,
We follow our dreams! I am a girlfriend, a mother, a student, a waitress, an actress, an educator, a friend to the environment, and so much more. I haven't let anything hold me back from pursuing my dreams; instead I strive to encompass all the things that I love most in my life. I love working with kids and performing which is why I'm pursuing a degree in teaching. One of my goals is to graduate and continue working with children and help mold the minds of tomorrow's youth. Art and theater are a passion of mine so I hope to instill my love of those with the children I teach. I am so thankful to have found my calling at such a young age and each day I strive to be able to make a living doing what I love.
Of course, sometimes the colour instead of the ideas behind the colour can become a loaded-baggage like someone being branded “green“, which is why Kevin Roberts has suggested changing from Green to True Blue.
My fist is bloody and I am flabbergasted. I feel my head weighing a ton. I try to fathom what really happened.
To hide that furrowed brow,
Are you a fan of Castle (or other crime shows)?
The snack selection ranges from flapjacks, to natural nuts and seeds, to dried fruits, to mini cakes and tea, to deli breads and chutneys. So far my rave range has to be the little dessert type punnets they include, for example Jaffa cake, lemon meringue pie, raspberry cheesecake – the list goes on. You get the taste of your most loved desserts – but made with whole foods and without the calorie laden cost! (See Lemon Meringue below!)
Love for horses, Love for gems
Could this be why “The Obama Narrative” has “Obama’s” mother arriving in Indonesia, when “Barry” is that age?
I don't know if I will ever see it. The book was so tragically sad, that I don't know if I can handle two hours of reliving it on film.
All in all, a kind of creepy, slightly comical, entertaining read from cover to cover. It reminded me of why I've always been partial to Neil and his storytelling.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Brown the ground beef with onion, garlic and green pepper. Drain fat. Stir in tomato soup, let simmer for 5-10 min on MED LOW heat.
“Um … because we did that in Men in Black?”
Go dig in your recyle bin and create your own creation. I dare you!
And don't forget to include something digital in your design. This can be your main image, digi papers, sentiment, etc...
Create a ritual. Sometimes performing a tangible act that signifies forgiveness can help you to accomplish this emotional task. Plant a forgiveness garden, write a poem, light a candle, build a small shrine, or draw a picture to symbolize the act of letting go of old negativity.
Regardless of age, or gender, or any other excuse, the person being harmed should not be blamed for their geographical location, their clothing or for being a participant in a domestic relationship.
Prior to the 20th Century we were one of the least ethnically mixed people on the planet. The Romans fought us and indeed ruled us for a while, they did not change our DNA, and as for the ludicrous Bonnie Greer's matronly fantasy about Rastafarian Romans cavorting with Celtic maidens, that remains the same historically unsubstantiated crap it was when it bubbled out of her disingenuous Quango appointee gob on Question Time.
We did, however, see lots of Rafe, who I adore. We learn a lot about his character in this book, which I loved, because he became more than a two dimensional brooding badboy.
Step 4: Stick it to the fusible webbing.(follow manufacturer's instructions)
* 1 1/2 pounds ground turkey
His hypocrisy in urging everyone else in the world to respect union labor except for himself has been the largest blot on a paper that has often featured very good journalists, most of whom have leaped at the chance to go elsewhere to jobs where they were paid a living wage. One of the longest holdouts of the present era is editor Tim Redmond (above right) whose prose invokes some mild-mannered, Old Uncle Tim who pontificates with on-the-one-hand this, but on-the-other-hand that arguments which are an invitation to narcolepsy.
I like him. Well, as much as anyone can like someone they've never met, who they only know via words and photos on a screen. I do still recognize there could be any number of reasons why he might not live up in person to the email dialogue, or, seemingly much more likely, why he might not be attracted to me or might just be emotionally unavailable. We haven't even talked on the phone yet.
A Simple Plan
The old man hoped that He had been taking anger management classes, just as he hoped that his kin would leave the earth before He lost his temper again. Depressing thoughts before dying, it was certain.
General Henry H. Shelton, USA (Ret.)
exiles from delight
‘Easy Come Easy Go’ brings up the beat, and you can just imagine the band swayin side to side as this one flows easy off the instruments they play. ‘Ballad of a Fisherman’s Wife’, tune written to honor the families affected by the BP oil spill, Tony reminisces of the storytelling we came to know from ‘Your Rocky Spine’ with some of the most catchy phrases…..you better hurry up, and know it, i’m gonna love you til the end of the line!
9:00 a.m. @ E.E. Bass Auditorium $5 per student, PreK-3rd Grade Students
Contact us for added advice on asbestos claims.
The lavender cookie was a recipe adapted from Angie's Recipes. I find that there are not many lavender cookie recipes around online and I can't find a single one in my recipe books. I'd wanted to give a go at Happy Homebaker's lemon lavender shortbread but when I read how she described the dough as rather unmanageable, I thought I had better err on the save side by googling for a more full proof recipe, hence eventually I settled for Angie's lavender cookies. I did not make much modifications to her recipe except that I had used butter instead of margarine, reduced the sugar slightly and I made it smaller. As I did not press the cookie flat enough, the first batch that came out was a little soft, some did not have the "crunch" you'd want in a cookie. So I had to send to the oven to bake for another 3-4 minutes.
And as the puppy ignored the opportunity to relieve herself outside on the grass and instead pooped on the floor right after I brought her back inside, I had to remember Possum's joy at meeting her new, cute, fluffy little pet.
“If you don’t get married within three years of graduation, you’ll end up single for life.” This is hyperbole, but Summer has a point. It’s tradition, sort of. We go from school straight to the Administration (our territory’s central government), and that’s where we are, for life. The social pool multiplies as graduates from the ten Academies enter, but that’s it, since we don’t marry outside of the Administration. As long as I’ve lived, the same people have lived in this sector of the American Northwest Territory (or ANT, as Summer and I call it). After the Administration, there’s no one new to meet.
These are all grand, American institutions. Your claiming that basketball, college, Hawaii, California, New York City, Chicago, and Occidental, Columbia and Harvard are outside American culture is a slander to our entire nation and most of the people who live here.
He was the ultimate role model.
But you'll be hearing from me baby, long after I'm gone
Would you believe these are the exact brand and size of my old ones! I think the GW Fairies were watching over me!
(NKJV)
We (meaning Jared and myself and Payton of course) feel good about this and think it is the best way to go.
Without any shame whatsoever.
You can’t shake hands with a mingo
While I'm not in the mood for making cards as such, I thought I'd start decorating my pile of blank boxes. Most of these boxes are a result of mis-measuring and getting sizes wrong for the stuff that I want to put in them. Others are from when I've forgotten to cut the card for the lids bigger ( always 3mm to get a good fit ) than the bottom and having loads of half boxes waiting for other halves to be made.
“Darwin’s Mistake (Harper‘s, February 1976): “Darwin’s theory, I believe, is on the verge of collapse. Natural selection was quietly abandoned, even by his most ardent supporters, some years ago.” http://www.stephenjaygould.org/library/gould_tautology.html
All of us are at some stage on the road to eternity. As believers we are assured of it. There are some who are content to remain at the starting point; content to live as they have been living all their life. Such a person truly is not even trying to fulfil God’s eternal purpose. Then there are those who haven’t even started out on that journey to heaven. They have rejected the idea that all are sinners even though Romans 3:23clearly states that “all have sinned and come short of the glory of God.” Having rejected that God-given fact, they also reject Romans 6:23, where it says, “The wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life.”
Markers and stickers and practicing K*A*T*I*E.
When my writer's group gets a hold of my story, I am sure they will help me obtain the right words and the right feel. They will see things that my eye and mind did not see.
For years, vessels caught in the thick fog along the final approach to San Francisco Bay were forced to hug the coast, putting them in danger of the rocky outcroppings that provide the beautiful vistas to sightseers, but prove deadly to boats.
Names to Know
pay only about three-quarters of scheduled benefits through 2085.
*Cardstock: PTI White; Bazzill Bling; Stampin' Up! silver
With this Chef Wild posted a Vegan Vanilla Frosting Recipe! How great is that?!
Authorship and Copyright Notice: All Rights Reserved: Satya Sarada Kandula.
Richard Ward, Brenda Sykes, Ken Norton
The "rippling of the land," though an illusion, is a real indication of a new, unexpected vitality, for "It came of winter's giving ground." As though making a crucial concession in an argument, the earth begins to lose its rigidity-- like "a set mind" realizing that its way of imagining the world, while not wholly false, has been too limited. Winter is not the whole story. To a mind thus restricted, the disturbing experience of "doubt" turns out to be a blessing, since it opens the way not to chaos and meaninglessness, but to "mother-wit," a perceptiveness that is older, more expansive, shrewder, more weathered, more generous.
peacekeeping capacity. It is also
Andrew Snell, CEO of the Conservatorium for the past three years, marvels at the longevity of the relationship.
We went to WalMart to get Jacob new shoes after school. His had holes in them. Holey shoes are no good - LOL! I was prepared to get him a pair between $20 and $30, but the pair he found that he liked were only $11. Amazing! They were pretty funny, but he liked him. His new shoes kinda look like the ones below , but much more generic - he was just STOKED that he didn't have to tie his shoes anymore - ROFL!! AND, my baby is wearing a size 10 in men. CAN YOU BELIEVE IT??? He's 11, for Pete's sake. And a size 10 in mens??? Dang!So I was thinking the other day about how cheap I am - ROFL! I thought we could play a little game. I'm gonna make a list of the ways that I've been cheap, and put in one fakie, and you have to pick out the fake one - LOL! Let see if you can figure me out :)
...as it is about the memories.
transfer to my cassette copy which has alot more of them than this does.
It always happened or became worse when I was going through a stressful situation. Six months before I left Yorkshire I had a sore throat, didn’t think anything about it. I just thought I was fighting a bad cold, four weeks later I broke out, in what looked like Chicken Pox, but I’d had Chicken Pox, so off I went to the docs asking for ointment again for my elbows and knees and something for the rash that had developed. I was told it was Scabies… Huh?
By Ella Davies
Today's card i've featured Krista Smith's gorjuss 'booby love' digi which i snagged from her blog as a freebie last month not sure if it's still there! but wow i love her, she reminds me so much of me and resembles something i'm passionate about 'fundraising' and the pink ribbon is symbolic to me as i lost my nan to cancer christmas day 2004, so she kinda brought all these memories back but in a good way and i have to say after creating today's card there's no way i could part with it! i ♥'s it too much haha!
Cliché?
It serves a great purpose to reiterate that the only beneficial method is the Direct Method. “Traditional foreign language classroom methodologies…may rely more heavily on learning about the L2 ‘without the pragmatic use of the language for interaction’…” (Pelletieri 287). This is the only way to gain some mastery of the target language before any meaningful interaction can occur with it, which will denounce the apprehension every student experiences when learning about a different culture.
After making all of this stuff in 1 day, I worked up quite the appetite. Luckily my neighborhood back home in Philly is home to a wonderful bakery called Bredenbeck's, which has been around since 1889! I picked up a box of petit fours, brewed a pot of mint melange, and threw on my "Tea Party jams". It was a good day.
We all want clients to buy luxury Products and hire professionals who come to the table with realistic expectations, rather than requesting we make their home look like the ones in the magazines. Yes, we probably can. But the occasion they slip off their shoes, let the dog in, or burn the French toast, they are being set up for dissatisfaction that often ends up on our voice mailbox. The solution? Merge the ideal with reality as seamlessly as possible. Make the concluded stock livable, not only luscious. Generate an environment that is both aesthetic and every-day. Every home ought to be one part Archie Bunker and two parts Fred Astaire. Is that possible? Oh yes. That’s why luxury never goes out of style.
In 2011, I had over 50 articles published, most of them news stories, but also book reviews, business profiles, personal essays, and this blog. They weren’t all great; sometimes the constraints of research to deadline made for unforeseen challenges and not necessarily exemplary writing. Sometimes the stories were slightly dull to begin with, and I was hard-pressed to breathe some life into them. But I also produced some good articles, and had good feedback from my editors and readers.
Max, who immediately starts talking about how cafeteria food is beneath him, chooses the Blue Team, Christian, Alejandra, Guiseppe, Tony, Tracy, Esther, and Jennifer. Derrick, as the Red Team leader, picks Suzy, Adrien, Alvin, Ben, Erryn, Jennie, and Christine. Already Suzy is nervous because she’s not a team leader, and Tony thinks he and Max are going to have issues. (Understatement alert!)
(Fareda enters.)
Planted some Snowball turnips last weekend and they too are looking good with no sign of Flea Beatle - probably given them the kiss of death now!
Maybe to my husband for his unparalleled efforts to finding solutions for his torque problems
I am in complete awe of my life. I am in complete awe of my loving Father in Heaven. I went through something very difficult recently and in the midst of everything I was overwhelmed with shame, with regrets, with bitterness, with sadness, with loss, with physical and emotional pain, and with so many more emotions. I am not trying to be dramatic-this is just the raw truth. And yet in all the chaos of the moment, an internal peace centered within my core. I didn't reach out to others the way I have before-I didn't look for people to console me or to 'take my side'. Instead, I told a minimal amount of people and fell to my knees.
Yams are tubers of a tropical vine called Dioscorea batatas and are not even related to the sweet potato. Depending on the variety, yams have brown or black skin with off-white, purple or red flesh. They are more easily found in international than American markets. Yams are actually sweeter than sweet potatoes as they have more natural sugar. However, sweet potatoes are more nutritious and are loaded with calcium, potassium, and vitamins A and C.
Preheat oven to 350°F.
Wow, those are some calves you have going on. While starring at your legs that could probably run for 30 miles in stride without a glitch in your hitch, I’m almost falling off my treadmill because my sense of balance is so off. Oh wait, hold on……………whew, that was a close call. Running at a speed of 3.5 is dangerous compared to your pacing of 7.
Saturday: Potluck Pantry
his son Belshazzar did as the Persians entered under the walls after diverting the Euphrates; you will see
But as I continue to engage in conversations with the architect and the contractor, I realize that my choices are driven by the same aesthetic that drives my blog: less is more, simple is better. To that end, I thought it might be fun to share my projects and the thinking behind them. So later this week I'll share my first major renovation project: my closet.
SML—Well, there has been a lot of research, mostly by the military, about how to induce altered states of consciousness through electro-magnetic fields. It could be acting through that sort of way. I’ve often thought also—pulse light can trigger seizures in people, but it could probably also influence brain wave states.
I created your wraith starting with the ghost of your eyes. Thick, heavy strokes failed to convey their warmth and conflict. Brows too thick to be yours came next, while sloppy shades smeared the contours of your eyes. The image lay flat: shamed under the stark flourescence overhead.
It just so happen that I had my camera gear in my car and ready for anything that caught my eye that night. I was being open-minded and wanted to let the landscape speak to me in terms of lighting. Sometimes the most perfectly lit building can look just as beautiful as a bouquet of flowers. This night I wanted to see what the different cityscape angles of downtown Nashville looked like. I have always seen panoramic images all over this area of the Shelby Bridge overlooking the pedestrian bridge and even of the river overlooking 1st Ave and Broadway Ave. I wanted a different angle this night.
“But there are people who take salt with their coffee. They say it gives a tang, a savour, which is peculiar and fascinating. In the same way there are certain places, surrounded by a halo of romance, to which the inevitable disillusionment you experience on seeing them gives a singular spice. You had expected something wholly beautiful and you get an impression which is infinitely more complicated than any that beauty can give you. It is the weakness in the character of a great man which may make him less admirable but certainly more interesting.
And they must have been incredibly surprised when all of a sudden they see all these boats coming out of the storm right up to the beach (D-Day wasn't a nice day, it was very stormy and a lot of the allied forces were very sick on the crossing). Of course they immediately started firing and killing the 'enemy', but the Americans still managed to get themselves on top and in the end they succeeded in conquering the Germans in that area.
Trantellegra, which is written in a strong style, means a magic spell that makes people dance. It’s the lead track composed by Junsu.
Can there truly be love after death?
so They are annoying for me who always stayed so cool(maybe I was at a defiant age) lol
This first Jam will rely on whatever instruments and amplification you feel like bringing, and sharing is highly encouraged. Below, though, is our growing backline.
She’s at basketball game. She’s doing the ‘Dougie,’ she’s obviously doesn’t take herself too seriously. A supermodel, acting a fool, embarrassing her friends, I’m going to make a judgement call and say she’s definitely down to earth. And you got to love her enthusiasm (I hate it when a chick plays it ‘too cool for school’).
The start of something great
This drive to return reminds me of the evil enchantment from a fairy tale, where the girl is allowed to be human for a few hours, but then she’s turned back into a raven or a swan. In her great memoir Girls Like Us, Rachel Lloyd notes that the conditions of prostitution meet every criteria on the Biderman scale, a tool created by Amnesty International to explain the torture and brainwashing of political prisoners. The four factors that cause Stockholm Syndrome are almost always present in prostitution. These factors:
Mother’s Day is May 13. Venus turns retrograde on May 15 and stays that way until June 27.
Hi there! This week at Flying Unicorn we are playing with the 7 Dots line.I am excited to show you my creation made with the fabulous 7 Dots Wonderland papers and embellishments. I love the saturated colors and designs-each paper has a lighter version on the opposite side to add to the versatality. I added Ranger glossy and crackle and lots of distress inks to highlight the textures in the paper. I traced the dove and cut it from the leftover paper and attached it with foam dots. I used Maggi's cool sketch-thanks,Maggi! The striking photo was taken by my young photographer friend, Heidi Shartrand and is available through "Nothing Fades Photography" on Facebook. She is extremely talented! The lyrics are from Jeremy Camp's song,"There Will Be A Day".
This type of symbiotic corporate/government structure is prevalent in all industries and walks of like, not just computers. The same conglomerations often own the alternatives to anything you buy. For instance, while we think we are being somehow different or cool by listening to an “alternative music” station, we are just being manipulated by some very clever marketing. You see, the same corporation that owns that “Alternative” station also owns most of the other stations that your chosen favorite alternative station competes against, as well as the record company that produced it. It even puts down on-air those other stations it owns because that will make some listeners chose to listen to this particular media corporations’ other channels or stations. When we hear a song on a mainstream yet “alternative” radio station (remember all mainstream media is collectively owned by government, and mainstream is 99% of the media that you can effortlessly receive though the corporate governments F.C.C. airwaves), we are told who sings it, and then we go buy the album at one of the many conglomerate department stores or seemingly local chain stores (with corporately owned central hubs), all the while thinking we are being somehow unique from the rest of the crowd. This is marketing. And you and I are continuously falling victim to it and the distraction it causes. The media keeps us “masterfully entertained”, as Walter likes to say.
You laugh until you cry,
No arrests have been made yet into the beating of a white man in Mobile, AL by a black mob this past Saturday night (WRKG).
Do they ever figure out what they really believe? Or are they just too distracted to stay on an exacting, and sometimes painful, course of thought.
So, “Is it easier to sell your home or buy a new one?”
Before the money got a chance to exchange hands, the sales associate came from the back with a concerned look on her face. She came up to me and said "I don't know if it will make a difference but I just felt I needed to let you know that someone from your school has also bought this dress. I saw it back there in alterations."
20. greenery
Attendees will participate in the process from charging the still with distillers' beer to the final steps of wresting the usable alcohol from that beer. Since this is a slow process, there will be breaks during which speakers will talk about aging, blending, distribution, marketing, branding, sourcing materials and other topics about opening and running a distillery. Lots of smelling and tasting.
Council tax - £130
For one, it's silk. Armpits + silk = wrinkles. For two, the shape is wrong. For three...well, I can't think of three, but it's just not quite there. In the past, the colour would have been enough for me to pass on it, but I've had a change of heart when it comes to pink. It does good things to my pale (and aging) skin. It helps that I am not a natural redhead (I'm a brunette).
A poignant scene in the book was the death of Rue, the 12-year-old girl from District 11 who reminds Katniss of her little sister. The two girls had temporarily teamed up, and Katniss found Rue trapped in a net. She didn’t get to her on time; she was pierced by a spear. In the book, Katniss shoots Rue’s killer partly out of revenge, partly out of self defense, and later realizes that was her first intentional kill. In the movie, she gets Rue out of the net and then sees her attacker; she shoots defending Rue, but the spear still pierces Rue. She holds Rue in her arms as she dies, singing her a lullaby she remembers her father singing.
zest from 1 meyer lemon
Well, now that I've found it, here's the language from my years-old post on Rights Reserved:
Morning, lovely ones! Hope you are all well on the eve of the weekend!
As always, this is the part where I leave you with a band that I love, and that I think you should check out. :)
You won’t be asked about your job, or rank, or work, but only if you did your best, and didn’t dodge or shirk.
Papers by Pion (love these)
07. Stay inside 2:53
1435 D-IX/15/2002. “St. John Chrysostom and the Greeks.” St. John Chrysostom Episcopal Church, Chicago, Illinois.
I am so blessed and so thankful for each and every one of you!!!
Another element of the big idea was how it could be marketed to students and staff, which involved using core students at institutions to spread the word to their friends via ‘personalised’ flyers. The details don’t matter now, but there were some good marketing ideas.
*giggle*
Press the PLAY button below and laugh yo ass off!!!
Bill Granger began his stint with some post holiday, Mediterranean deliciousness including lamb rack and orzo, feta and pepper salad with the recipes being displayed alongside some lovely photography by Lisa Barber.
cream room with wooden slatted floors
I ‘ve been told that I’m becoming “fanatical” about my running. (O_o)
how dreamy is this garden? to anyone that is planning to visit vienna, stadtpark is a must see!
this won’t even help with the blood letting
How one day the decision to love a little girl gave way to the pell- mell, rumble-tumble feeling of actually falling in love with her--so thankful.
Its too rat's tail-y! So theres virtually nothing to loosen, so at the roots you're left with a nice wave, but at the ends theres hardly any wave at all and it doesn't look much different from the above picture.. no, not nice is it!
And I just had to make my little Archie a card for his 1st birthday, which is today! :D
8. begging
About the Author: Patrick (Pat) MacAdam is a native Cape Bretoner who has made Ottawa his home since 1959. He holds bachelor’s degrees in arts and education from St. Francis Xavier University. He paid his way through university by writing for the Sydney Post-Record, Halifax Chronicle-Herald and Fredericton Daily Gleaner. He spent three summers in the Canadian Officers Training Corps in Camp Borden, Ontario, and Halifax, Nova Scotia, and was commissioned a lieutenant in the Royal Canadian Army Service Corps. His entire professional life has been in public relations and politics. He was a researcher, speechwriter, and aide to Prime Minister John Diefenbaker from 1959 to 1963. In 1983, he joined his university friend, Brian Mulroney, as his first employee and most senior aide.
18And the Lord has made it clear this day that you are a special people to him, as he gave you his word; and that you are to keep all his orders;
A shoot last week for the very nice people of BGS Architects in Oxford. Anna (the project architect on this 60s listed building) did a fantastic job of moving the furniture so we could get some great images.
Incredibly.
While the remaining 10 percent of the budget… is spent in the Service and Parts Departments.
I’m asking God for one thing,
-My mom was talking to her sister, my Aunt Vicki, who lives in New Hampshire. Aunt Vicki was saying how sad it was we live so far away, because they have a tractor that’s just been sitting at her father-in-law’s place for 8 years, since they sold their acreage. Mom told us about it in passing, thinking there was no way we could get it. But she didn’t factor in that paying for gas and such to drive out to go get a free tractor is still several thousand dollars cheaper than any of the reasonably priced tractors we’ve found so far.
A GREASY THUG (20’S)
3. What is your current favorite workout?
Paul Dyke has plenty to say at half-time. Dave Williams who is watching, condenses his description of the first-half to one word - gash. We sit on the wet grass, drinking tap water, as Dyke dissects our performance. He has no qualms betraying a confidence in order to get his point across to team captain, Martyn Barnett; who he thinks is having a quiet game. "It's no good texting me saying: skip's up for it today," says Dyke, "I want to see a captain's performance." By this point, Kristian Hewitt is sniggering. That Martyn had been texting his manager, not only in the third person, but in a shortened version of his new title, was the green light for what will surely be a prolonged spell of teasing.
Ponting elected to take the strike first after winning the toss, put on 166 for the second wicket with Simon Katich. Left handed Katich scored 66. Ponting added 60 for the third wicket with Michael Hussey (46 not out) before he was trapped lbw by Harbhajan Singh. It was the ninth time the Australian Captain has fallen to the off-spinner.
Risk plays fast screamo/emo fury infused hardcore that reminds me of bands like Yaphet Kotto, Shotmaker, and even a bit of Kaospilot. A style of music that admittedly I listen to less and less these days but when done right I still absolutely love. You know classics never die and when I hear current bands of this ilk cherry pick the Ebullition archives so to speak I can't help but get excited. This four song demo cd-r comes packaged in a re-purposed brown paper bag with graphics glued on. Totally DIY packaging that really takes me back. I can't help but think of late night Kinko's hang outs with my friends making zines and demo packaging. Great stuff.
--... What I can't do is let Carlos lead while I wrap around him, pulling a distant, yet vaguely lustful expression ... There is some disagreement in the facebook comments as to the literal meaning of this sentence. Is it our correspondent, or is it Carlos pulling the 'distant, yet vaguely lustful' expression? People dancing actual tango generally look like they're enjoying it, although they also look like they're in the moment and concentrating quite hard. They're not pulling silly faces for an audience. But of course, there's no reason to think that either of these people are enjoying anything, and we should remember that there's no actual tango here; the goal is, as we learn later, to make a photograph in which someone looks as though they might be doing something that people who have never actually seen tango, think tango looks like.
Chelsea, Matt, and I were also considering starting a blog for Cat’s Cradle and feeding that into the News page, but for now, a Twitter-feed will have to suffice. The shelter just does not have the time or resources to run a blog, plus the Facebook pages and Twitter account.
Martha's Monster Make-up art Ken Reid
“Unless you’re going to be transgendered one day in which case you’re miserable being a boy named Sam and you really wish you were a girl named Samantha argo you’re a mixed-up chameleon. And really who isn’t???”
Of equilibrium.
I am so, so happy to have finished this quilt. I made the quilt top back in January this year and then had a major brain freeze when it came to working out how to quilt it. After my sewing mojo issues last week I needed a finish to perk myself up a bit - so I picked up my High Seas quilt and did some sketching to work out how I was going to quilt it.
-xo
The discussion of racism and variations thereof raises some serious questions about balance which go well beyond Macpherson’s treatment of the Lawrences. He notes with some approval the contribution to the discussion of institutional racism in Stokely Carmichael’s Black Power: The Politics of Liberation in America (1967) and displays no sense of embarrassment at all in taking evidence from the MPS Black Police Association. Like Carmichael, this organisation is hardly an unbiased bystander and its own definition of institutional racism highlights some serious weaknesses for the practical application of the term:
This is the problem with this administration. Instead of doing its job the past 3 1/2 years, it has encouraged the taxpayers to do their job for them. “Call your elected officials” “Tweet your demands” “Do it now”. This is exactly with the president did during the weeks when the government was divided on balancing the federal budget. He told us to call our leaders. That was his solution. Is it not enough taxpayers- who he’s burdening with doing his job- are already financing this ridiculous nonsense? Apparently not. He ended his speech with, “And the time to act is right now, and I’m going to need your help getting that message out.” To hell with the message – how about getting back to Capital Hill and earn your salary?
One thing Americans like to do is eat, and the Peach Festival had a wide variety of different foods for just about every conceivable taste. The Sweet Spot (above) had things for those with a sweet tooth.
THE EMPIRE STATE BUILDING!
Enjoy:
Women – say they are still a virgin even if they aren’t.
It also was a bit of a burden. I gained the reputation as one who would speak his mind no matter what others might say about it, including supervisors. (I have reached a point where using ‘his’ in that last sentence felt foreign.) I had a very interesting relationship with the last warden I worked for in the prison system. In fact, one of the interruptions to this post was an exchange of emails I had with her yesterday after she got the letter I sent through my friend the food service administrator.
He told me that I'd left some boxes at my old house (his new girlfriend's house, remember) when I moved out, and that he'd brought them with him because he figured he'd see my brother. I told him, let's go get them because I wanted that to be the end of it... closure. We walked to his truck then to my car to put the stuff away, then he walked back over to where my brother and Steph were sitting. And that's when the best thing I've ever seen happened.
She brings a grace to every movement in each moment of now, for cycles can flow away before we are able to reveal ourselves and that moment is gone.
We made fairly good time the next 5 miles, crossing the bridge over the murky brown and swiftly flowing Colorado river, over the knife that had slowly dug through the earth, carving the red rock into names like Isis Temple, Buddha Temple, and Wotan's Throne.
Level 19: MP Cost: 12, Damage: 335%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
Diapering
But it remains under the control of the family of Mr. Aquino’s late mother, the Cojuangcos—one of the most influential clans in Philippine politics.
"You're welcome, Mr. Blevens. We're happy to do it."
A thematic significance statement for Eat Pray Love could be:
The usefulness of the mobile phone in health promotion and behavior change has been tested with several randomized trials all over the world in recent years. Not surprisingly, the majority of the academic and private-sector research is done in developed countries for chronic problems such as diabetes, smoking, obesity, and heart disease. In developing countries, there are also studies on the effectiveness of mobile messaging for improving HIV/AIDS drug regimen adherence programs. At least one meta-analysis suggests that mobile phone is indeed helping diabetic patients and their healthcare providers globally.
In short, as a New Orleans prosecutor once said, “Corruption is not about greed, and it’s not about need; it’s about opportunity.” As long as public officials have the opportunity to abuse the public trust, with little fear of being caught or punished, they will do so — especially in a social context where high status comes with powerful obligations to reward one’s kin and supporters and to “share the wealth.”
The day started with a warm glass of water with a dash of cayenne and a squeeze of lemon followed by a pint of Green Juice. I used the Crazy Sexy recipe instead of the recipe we used for our previous juice fast, and I must say this recipe is much more palatable. The one part of this cleanse I was not looking forward to was the Green Juice every morning, but now I don't mind it at all! Lunch was a delicious spinach, avocado and tofu "egg(less) salad" bowl. In the afternoon I snacked on a pear with some almond butter. Dinner was a mix of raw veggies in a almond butter based thai sauce that I made in the blender. For an evening snack I had some fresh strawberries and a one inch square of 72% cacao dark chocolate. Throughout the day I sipped green tea with cinnamon, almond milk, and a touch of agave. Not bad, right? I found that at the end of the day I still had a ton of energy, where as I am usually ready to drop dead by 11pm. Day one completed, and I'm still psyched for the next 20 days (and beyond!)
By breaking the silence
And I didn't forget about our little men either! I love this tie applique. It is so rockin'. Dressed up style without the dressed up discomfort. So what better way to show some team pride then with this charming shirt.
#2. make sure people know what it is.
This was a branch of the Co-op, previously Somerfield. It finally closed last week. I don’t know what will come afterwards. The 1960s Aer Lingus building is looking very tatty these days and was earmarked to be demolished, though the plans for a hotel and retail development to replace it are pre-credit crunch, so who knows whether they will go ahead. We have a habit in Glasgow, even in good times, of demolishing buildings and leaving the vacant site for a while, say thirty or forty years, until someone figures out what to do with it.
Mr Aptroot, how about the Thatcherite dogmas of your party (and some other parties) which caused these railway problems in the first place. The Dutch Socialist Party and others had proposed to re-nationalize the railways before; the VVD, now Johnny-come-latelies after the Amsterdam disaster and before the September parliamentary elections, opposed that then.
And that's it for me . . . I'll see y'all tomorrow! Hugs . . .
Garnish with the fried onions and coriander leaves and serve with some cucumber raita.
“So stand up and then get the generator,” he ordered.
all coming together, and wrapped up in one very special little boy and his life
The two times I came close to euthanizing him this past week were based on 'criteria' like significant debilitation in hind legs, reduction of appetite, and neuralgia from nerve damage. Taken together, it's no stretch I was ready to let him go.
When Jude writes in verse 17 and 18 that there will be scoffers it is a clear warning that the Christian life is not exempt from the trials and frustrations of our lives. In fact, it seems quite clear to me that Christians are probably more vulnerable to the problems in our life.
I trade on the Forex market (XAUUSD pair) through FXDD. Not all brokers offer gold trading via Forex.
I love you R- for eternity.
I am disorientation, stirring shadows, panic
10/10 – Missoula, MT – The Other Side
Put his arms around me
Teenager-hood is a time that's notorious for bad decisions. Some adults act like that's because the teenager's brain is less developed. I'm not a neuro-anything specialist, but I don't think I "know" more since my teen years. I think I've experienced more. I have more examples of good and bad, and it can help me make better decisions.
Before I say who won, however, thank you ALL for participating. I had great fun visiting your blogs and reading your entries! You made this awesome.
Fox will have many road blocks to conquer on his way to owning his own dairy farm. He has to take milking classes in order to keep up on milking standards and regulations through the American Farmers Association (AFA). If he doesn’t partake in courses each year and doesn’t live up to the standards of a random inspection, his farm could be shut down. Fox has already completed several courses over the years and must continue to do so every year when he takes over the farm.
Or, were these gentlemen thinking how lucky I was to have my wife go out and do all the hard bread-winning work while they had to lug around heating and cooling units and all I needed to do was fluff clothes.
Eat your whole foods, especially fiber. Real whole foods like vegetables, fruits and nuts are packed with fiber, giving your gut something to digest and burn into fuel. Any food processed and packaged does nothing more than clog you with unnecessary additives and chemicals.
Here’s a few shots of the action. Players came from around the world to compete. They ranged in skill from beginners to Paralympic Athletes. It was our first wheelchair tennis tournament, and after this intense afternoon, will not be our last.
Tyson Gay and Kerron Stewart made strong cases for why they could both be atop the podium as the Road to Berlin passed through Rome today.
Afterward we walked to the Ben Thanh Market to look for some souvenirs as we are always the tourists. The market was filled with fruit, vegetables, meat, clothing, and, of course, the usual souvenir trinkets. It was a huge market, and we could only stay for a short while before the shop keepers got to be too much. Steve said that this market was not any different than any of the other markets we have been to—too much stuff and most it is made in China.
And finally, for some “Wonderful Wednesday” since I know my pages are pretty heavy as of late, guess what! Nevermind, you knew I’d spill.
Or, smiling proudly, toss down gages….
At its core, suicide caused by depression is often a desperate attempt by a mind incapable of thinking clearly to seek relief from loneliness so palpable that it can cause physical pain, despair so deep you can't see any light at the end of the tunnel and emotional exhaustion so overwhelming that you just feel too tired to go on.
“The Personification of smart power – Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton”
We’ll be back soon for more Disney-eating adventures… here’s hoping you enjoyed tagging along for this trip…
Grading of students into different levels is disallowed: students should be free to join the class that they feel most comfortable in, whether for social reasons, or for reasons of mutual intelligibility, or both. As in other forms of human social interaction, diversity should be accommodated, even welcomed, but not proscribed.
I love the pendant, however, it made it really hard to figure out the art for the wall behind the pendant. It couldn’t be a single piece of art (I was planning on handing Court of the Fairies that’s in our office here) because the drum shade was right in the middle. But Jenny saved us once again when she posted about picture rails.
but instead of complaining about anything he just says he is the luckiest guy in the world to be living with 4 beautiful girls that love him so much.
*swimming pool
PS In the little circle to the left of the trapped mouseketeer is a mosquito. Why a mosquito would want to play around on a mouse’s sticky pad, I have no idea.
1 cup margarine or butter, softened
Post-racism refers to a place where no one thinks about race anymore and where economic opportunity and political participation operate in a race-free environment.
“W, what happen is it?”Junsu whisper to himself.
P.S. Kristina, the cut off age of 43 was the one that I chose. My counsellor wanted me to go up to 45, but I just wasn't feeling that optimistic that day. I reserve the right to change my mind, though!
Dear Arizona Heat,
BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS CNN has a cure for insomina; The Joy Behar Show.
Continuing to do what I’m not supposed to
I cant do this
I did learn that 2-ply is wonderful for it's regular use, but a good single ply would work better in your card making....
pushed, piled and massed
3. Beat together the cream cheese, icing sugar, vanilla extract and lemon juice in a bowl until smooth.
Blood-shot eyes and soaked through, slipping, then upright, not fully because as he tries to meet the challenge the wind signals its anger at such a show of defiance and pummels his body into bended submission.
Now, the little petty update: I start week 2 of Nutrisystem today. I had a bad night- I ate poorly for diner last night because I was so upset about Chance. I'm starting fresh again today.
Not that I'm ready for another quite yet, but I catch myself smiling at the new mom walking through Nordstrom with her month-old baby. It's just incredible to me how long ago that moment seems.
But it came looking for me.
When I used to whine about nature walks, the air being stagnant and 98 degrees, the bugs getting all excited at the tribe of four dumb humans stumbling onto another feast opportunity, my parents would always say, “I bet your kids are gonna love nature walks!” Then they would laugh maniacally.
The home of the Boston Red Sox turned 100 years old yesterday. In this age of new high-tech ballparks specially designed to include as many luxury suites as possible, there’s something admirable about a baseball field that has lasted 100 years and served a loyal (though obnoxious) fan base.
McAllister claims the men believed they should have gotten her position, which paid an annual salary of $112,334. During a reorganization she was forced to re-apply for her own job but did not get it, despite her being the only contender, the story says.
Almost every person I sit down with in counseling is suffering from the results of following their heart.
Composite Bro Score: 4.5 bros out of 5.
Like quick steps on the cobblestone.
Who, from the dark old tree
Basim Furat; Guyon Neutze & Jürgen Waibel; Mark Pirie; Niel Wright / 109-11
If you're smitten, like myself, with the few looks that I've chosen to feature here, be sure to check out the entire collection here.
Put oil in your cast-iron skillet and move into your oven while you pre-heat to 425 degrees. Keep skillet in there at least 7-8 minutes, with out letting the oil smoke. Remove from pre-heated oven, whisk flour mixture again before pouring it into the skillet. Bake in the oven 25-30 minutes.
2For what is God’s reward from on high, or the heritage given by the Ruler of all from heaven?
has shaken another's world
Sunrise: I saw the sunrise during my run. I miss waking up and running before the neighborhood wakes.
A kind security guard informs me that on the 12th floor, viewing gallery, at the front of the restaurant is closed in the evening to the public and will re-open from 8.30 – 11pm. But the front end of the entrance of the gallery is still open and that is where I shoot the sunset.
“Don’t say you don’t have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein.”
1. Not taking the story too seriously
What’s their connection?
Today I had my first doctor appt for Wilson baby #3! That is still crazy sounding to me. None of this is very real yet (besides the terrible nausea and overall really CRAPPY feeling this time). I am 8 weeks and 2 days today. Due date is November 19th. Which just happens to be a very popular date in my family as my mom and my sisters birthday! The first ultrasound went just fine, and showed ONE little shrimp with a heartbeat of 145 bpm. If I recall correctly that is about 5-10 bmp slower than the girls...hmm...
While undergoing a difficulty one may not be able to fully understand how this is supposed to be beneficial. However, as Steve Jobs said in his commencement speech, you can only connect the dots looking back.
So, how do I feel now? Luckier than ever. Thankful to be an all boy mom. Excited to meet each day to hear what I never knew I wanted to know (did you know that if you put a lighter to one's butt as they fart, they could suck the fire back in?? Who exactly really WANTS to know that?? But there it is!). I realize now, more than ever, that I only hold these hands for a brief time. That life is wasted on the What If's and Should Have, Could Haves. I life for today. For right now. I feel blessed beyond measure. For my life, my friends, my family, a conversation with a neice, a laugh with my mother, a shared glance with my husband, and the craziness of raising three children. Yes, it's been awhile since I have visited these feelings. And now I will put them back on the shelf. For there are battles to be won as a Jedi and I don't want to miss any of them! Love the Life You Live!!!!!
It really does return to choice. You can choose to rid yourself of the fear of failure. You can choose to let go of what is holding you back. Your fear of failure is not innate. You create it. You can uncreate it.
I asked how he was with other forms of language: words and numbers. "I'm good with words and I love numbers. I can be quite physically clumsy though."
Alan D. Feinberg, 48, New York, N.Y.
Now my life is really over
“Perhaps it is our karma, perhaps it is our fate that we be with you at the time,” she said drawing a huge round of applause from the gathering of Tibetans after meeting the Dalai Lama.
5-6 ripe tomatoes, sliced thinly and seeded
What I did
There is but only one Creator of this world, no matter what language you use, no matter which name you call God. All is One. The Divine Creator is not a contradiction unto Himself. There are not separate worlds for the different families of God. The different families of God are the same thing as the different faiths of God. All human beings on the planet at this time are ALL part of God’s human family. GOD LOVES US ALL.
The screen showed “Entry not found. Try your search again.”
As someone who is fascinated by Babel, I am even more fascinated by how the Holy Spirit’s power brings sense with it, and babbling to an end. Once upon a time, Men declared that they would build a tower to the heavens, and as they set to work, God noted that nothing would be too difficult for them. I wonder what he meant by that, and what good a ziggurat would do them, or whether Genesis 11 excises some detail of what arcane thing they sought. I wonder if He was determined that, having separated themselves and their desires from Him, men would not long remain united in purpose with each other. I wonder, Heaven having split our languages apart, what truths are revealed in one language that are revealed differently, or not at all, in another. Shall the polyglot have some better understanding of God due to his study? What about the philologist? Ought the Babelfish to look more sinister now, since it undoes Babel without the aid of the Paraclete? What truth did Charlemagne know when he said “to speak a second language is to have a second soul”?
... and Penny on my right. As they sleep around me, half on me, I am covered with soft, warm, sleeping teddy bear creatures, and I thank God for them every day.
Mind you, it's not reliable, I have heavy duty sleep skillz, I can zizz all the way into the afternoon if I know there's nothing pressing to do.
Texture – 2.5/5
One of my best friends, Annie, is pregnant too. Most of our friends had babies years ago so it's fun to be able to share this with her. She just found out she's having a boy too. I'm so excited! Liam made his first BFF already!
One of my favorite things about movies is the ability to transport us to another place in another time and for some of us, the south in the sixties is very familiar territory.
Instead of focusing on the interesting elements, Burns instead went all in with his characters, which didn't really pan out either. This area was sort of a wash out for me as I thought the male characters were pretty well done. Though I wasn't remotely like either Rob or Keith in high school, I still felt like I could relate to both in a number of ways. However, Burns really missed the target with his females, Chis and Eliza. Both characters were interesting, smart, talented girls, but instead of promoting their strength and individuality Burns fell into the trap of having these women need the help of men to get by in life, which didn't seem to fit with the characters, and is a really annoying character trait to read.
I like the section on eyelashes. Using the same model and make-up, she applies different eyelashes (natural, lux, high impact) to show you how they can change your eyes. In fact, a lot of the looks in this book rely on eyelashes for that extra wow factor.
But I am heading in some new directions, and I’m excited to see what God has in store for me and my family.
(6) there is evidence of abnormalities in the neuroendocrine system, particularly in the HPA axis but also in the hypothalamic-prolactin axis and in the hypothalamic-growth hormone axis;
Use a credit card that you've linked up to an airline frequent flyer or hotel loyalty program and you'll automatically get points on top of it all.
6/2 Houston, TX - Free Press SummerFest
A couple of pieces of the baton with butter – ( I thought I was good avoiding it on the toast earlier!)
Does Gherkin feel that because Pickle was ‘chosen’ as part of the family that his being born into the family somehow makes him less special?
Like many other writers, I decided to enter my manuscripts into contests. And like everyone else, I had the dreamy eyed hope that I’d final and that the brilliant agent or editor judging the contest would fall in love with my pages.
So with all of these heroes in place (Hulk! Thor! Daredevil! Punisher! Black Widow! She-Hulk!), parallel universe Marvel was ready to put the star-spangled cherry on their Americone Dream ice cream. “Captain America” starring Matt Salinger was released in a handful of theaters (none of them in America, ironically) in December 1990 and, much like last year’s “Captain America: The First Avenger,” it too would lead up to an “Avengers” movie.
the owner is keeping his books behind the public glass.
- The recipe calls for two kinds of flour; one third of the flour is specified as "white rye flour," a double sifted flour with the bran and germ removed. I didn't have any of that kind of flour, so I used some medium rye flour that I had on hand, and stirred it through a sieve to remove the coarser bran particles.
1. Your first novel FRANTIC has been a big success and congratulations on an engrossing read. The story features 2 very strong female characters in Sophie Phillips and Ella Marconi, both put under extreme pressure. Were you consciously aiming for this powerful dual lead or is that the nature of their jobs? How closely did you draw off your experience as a paramedic for Sophie?
I'm not going to ask why you blog, because I think we've all answered that question a lot! Instead, I'd love to know: have you ever experienced blog fatigue? And if so, how do you get back on track?
"Time is of the Essence." This is a legal term that states if whatever needs to be done is not done within a specified time the contract will be breached. Lately, in the education realm this has begun to mean that a child who does not grasp something cognitively by a certain age will be behind his peers (and the less often stated consequence; he will NEVER catch up). I'm all for having children exposed to things and all for early learning but I don't buy into this whole time is of the essence scenario when it comes to learning.
-The Russians in Nashville love to drink
Out of touch with reality
RELEASE DATE: May 4, 2012
Today has been a lovely day, it started off sunny, then went very wet, but now it's lovely. So lovely in fact that Alan went to football training & I stayed out the hour & walked around Cuminestown, a neighbouring village. It was then back for lasagne for tea and to finish off this card before The Apprentice.
I love this time of the year and it is now that my heart experiences a bittersweet longing for the views I once had at my disposal at the white house on the hill. Every day, with the onset in May, offered spectacular sunset skies and an endless twilight horizon. Today all I see are treetops and red roofs.
Mary D'Antonio, 55, New York, N.Y.
I wish more towns would create pedestrian areas like this
Taeyeon sighed as she looked at me. “You can take care of yourself? I doubt that. Because the last time i saw you with the ice evil princess, she was beating you so hard. Good things that i came at the right time.”
* Green house gas emission: The blocked water in the dam causes generation of green house gas (methane).
To conclude, think about how you get grip your own many things 70 the or sometimes apply that your life back pack track down.
It must have been! Roger had been too clever, had his men in hiding. But not clever enough; they've prevented my escape, but they're too late to save his life. Sir James looks at the man in the beaver hat. Have I been asleep?
One such architect was Albert Pike, who in the 19th Century, established a framework for bringing about the One World Order.
Don't know what I'm going to put in them yet..
March is one of my favorite months. To me, it's always been the beginning of spring. Here in Boston, it still feels like winter (except for the past few days but it was a bit of a fluke, a lovely fluke but a fluke nonetheless) but I don't care. March = Spring in my book.
with the coming of the frost.
The colors for the day are Blue and Red. Most of the ideas here are from Martha Stewart's. Check out some really cool holiday ideas at her site. The simple flags, buntings and paper lanterns are easy crafty for kids and you. Get into the spirit of the occasion and decorate the frills and flags.
Agents and editors simply aren't interested in work by unknown writers, this myth goes, because unknowns are too risky. In order to get attention for your debut manuscript, you need to be famous, have a friend or relative in the publishing biz, be referred by a client, or already possess a publishing track record (hence a popular variant of the myth, "You can't get published without an agent, but you can't get an agent unless you're published"). Without these connections, your chances of selling your first book are practically nil.
”You open the floodgate, which, as you see in Australia, is one you can’t stop,” Mr Key said.
Beyond the darkness (Raving mix) - Amduscia
That is possibly as close to realistic (but still not quite) I could get with that image. Still, it feels somewhat off and was still lacking for me.
While my cousin Angie was in town visiting, I decided to make waffles for breakfast. I had found a new recipe on America's Test Kitchen that promised crispy waffles and called for rice krispies in the batter, and I was curious to see how it would come out.
Even an Oscar nomination didn't help its fate... oh, but not a nom for effects or acting or cinematography. For COSTUME DESIGN. For polyester leisure suits. For bright yellow dress shirts. For the big cowboy hat Newman wears in a scene or two that Butch Cassidy wouldn't be caught gunned down in. I don't know who DID win the Oscar that year for costumes, but you can bet there was no polyester involved.
My brother and sister-in-law own a lovely home just minutes away from Colonial Williamsburg. Founded in 1654, Williamsburg played a significant role in the development of our country to say the least.
First off, let me say, my ISO was set wrong, and that is why these photos are sub-par. All I can say about that is: 1. I'm too lazy to retake them, and 2. I'm just glad this didn't happen whilst taking photos for someone else.
A few days after my birthday, I used the gift code and downloaded it - without looking at the product information properly. And that was my mistake, which lead me to be quite disappointed:
ah wasn’t it a strange way down?
Lipstick: Glam Affair – Leah Lipstick – 11
OUR FATHER – “LORD’S PRAYER”
Ask that one again because “Do we have time to get this done, given the other activities we must perform?Inch
Note that the bias tape on the sides of the apron (at the arm pit area) needs to be trimmed at an angle (the same angle as the cut of the apron) as shown below.
Son: Oh God, here we go again! What song?
Here we get the sex appeal of the film. With a nearly all-male main cast, Scarlett Johansson is the lone female, but boy does she make quite the impression. While she is very nice to look at, Whedon (known for using kick-butt females, i.e. Buffy the Vampire Slayer) is certain to solidify her place among these superheroes by showing just how much butt she can kick. Miss Johansson proves that she is more than just sex appeal as she takes out multiple men all while being tied up. To top it all of we also get a little humor thrown in there with the phone call.
It wasn’t awful enough to completely rule it out. I really wasn’t happy with it, but I was able to at least finish.
- Carry them on your back on a hard road.
Say: Make contact with each of your family members this week. If they’re gone, write a letter or talk to them from the heart.
The community grew and flourished economically, but whites in the remainder of Tulsa were not only jealous, but afraid of what Black prosperity meant for their own growth potential.
The issue of weight bears too much on every persons psyche nowadays. There is no turn or twist that does not remind man of food or his physique. The society that men live in is ironic, reminding one minute then reprimanding the next.
But verses 43 and 44 are rather strange as we consider Jesus’ reaction and the leper’s reaction. You would think Jesus would encourage the leper to go out and proclaim what he had done, so his fame could be multiplied. But this is not what happened. Jesus sternly charged, that is, he is “strongly discouraged” the man to spread word of what had happened. Jesus encouraged the leper to go to the priest and offer for your cleansing what Moses commanded, for a proof to them. What this tells us is that Jesus wants to see that the Mosaic Law is respected. Whereas the religious leaders of the day have corrupted the Mosaic Law, Jesus wants to see it esteemed. This idea of going to the priest is taken from Leviticus 14 where there is a procedure to be followed for the leprous person for the day of his cleansing. So, a leper had to go through this process in order to be pronounced clean.[10] Jesus wanted him to do this for a proof or a testimony to them. But what kind of testimony? There is a positive and negative testimony. What Jesus meant, as we consider the context of this somber passage, is a testimony against the rulers and priests of the day. This is not Jesus wanting to give their system credit; this is Jesus’ way of condemning their system. What is Jesus doing by sending this man to the priest? Jesus is saying that “if the priests establish that healing has taken place and accept the sacrifice for cleansing but fail to recognize the person and power through whom healing has come, they will stand condemned by the very evidence which they have supplied.”[11] The healing testifies to something new that God is doing in history, and if they reject this they will be judged.[12] The priests have become bad theologians, but they still must bear with the facts.
I could not have daughters of my own but I decided that I could still care for many of India’s neglected daughters. And so began my personal effort which continues to this day. I help girls from poor families whenever I can. I give them books, clothes and other things and encourage them to study and make their own mark in society. All 3 of my cook’s daughters have completed their graduation, done courses in computers etc and now have good jobs. They save their money and don’t abide by old customs like dowry.
*An Art Creating station with Scratch boards
Results from Heart Monitoring
And there were always a lot of orange hats in our car too. Because it was hunting season upstate, and you never knew if someone would mistake us for some deer when we went sledding the next morning.
“I can’t argue with that.” Derrek said with a small sigh.
After lunch we decided to explore the festival. We found:
As they say, third time’s the charm, as this is the third meeting between these two teams during the post-season, with Detroit knocking out Nashville in both 2004 and 2008. Last night was little brother’s turn to finally surpass big brother and how sweet it was.
And I had one hysterical gal that loved my sense of humor and we laughed every time we spotted each other over 5 days.
Gerda K. Nelson
BTW, Knight does not present a comprehensive list here, but his are fine, and recent additions to others already presented.
One of my latest acquisitions, found in Port Hope, Ontario, is a black painted wooden folk art horse, about a foot high and a foot long, beautifully hand-carved, standing on a base painted with the words “Souvenir de”.
It turns out, there was as much hijinks (I love triple dot words!) in the Courts of the City of New Orleans as in the Criminal or Traffic Courts. This is the work of Laura and Howard Russell. Google HR Properties if you want to see how lousy landlords operate in the Crescent City.
What are some of his favorite/not-so-favorite things?
- In South Bend, Indiana, USA, a monkey was once found guilty of smoking a cigarette.
Bodegas Julian Chivite’s Gran Feudo Rosado is a classic Navarra region rosado.. It is a popular favorite in Spain as well as here in the USA. Made from all Garnacha grapes, this traditionally styled wine displays strawberry and watermelon aromas with bright acidity and a touch of minerality to tie everything together. This lightly fruity rosado wine makes for some classic Spanish refreshment.
If you're like me and have never heard of such a thing, head over to the host blog, His & Hers where you'll find links to all the participants. Like any baby shower there will be food, drinks, sweets and gifts.
Alzheimer’s Australia thanked the Minister for taking part in a number of the sixteen consultations that were held around the country and the opportunity provided by these consultations to empower people with dementia and family carers to tell their stories.”
I know this is a repeat, but I spent days trying to learn a computer program that was supposed to make pattern making easier and have gone full circle back to inkscape. I haven’t given up on the program yet, I have a couple weeks left in the free trial, but so far it feels harder. Hopefully it will become easier and it can help me get these patterns out faster. I can grade this in inkscape pretty easy, so I will have 6 and 8 up soon. I may put up 18, but I’m concerned about grading that far out from size 10. We will see.
San Francisco-style seafood stew with assorted shellfish, white fish and Andouille sausage in a spicy herbed tomato broth; served with garlic bread
in the last week there has been a payday and many reasons to celebrate. So, I am afraid I have to admit, I have spent quite a few occasions in the last 7 days partaking of a fine and tasty beverage in a good pub. Here are some details of my excursion into Tuesday temulency.
Other than their recordings, very little remains of the original Ink Spots (officially, they continue to perform to this day, with a 'conveyor belt' approach to the line up). Not the original line up, but here is a clip of one of the later line ups (still with Bill Kenny on vocals) performing Do I Worry as a musical interlude in the 1942 Abbott and Costello film Pardon My Sarong. Orville Jones has gone by this time, and his replacement is awful! A horrible rasping voice that is quite unnerving!
The European Commission has opened a public consultation on commitments from BUMA and SABAM (the Dutch and Belgian collecting societies that manage music copyrights for authors) not to be party to any cross-licening agreement with other collecting societies that contains a “economic residency clause” for the licensors of online music.
~Simone Weil~
Then there are couples, who feel somehow that I can see both sides of the coin for them. But do people realise that when they are together with someone, ideally they should both be on the same side? Difference of opinion is allowed but different lives may not be the right way to go.
Our empirical world would be determined by the instincts of self-preservation even as regards the limits of its knowledge: we would regard as true, good, valuable that which serves the preservation of the species--
Quite naturally this yo-yoing between two seasons can play lots of tricks on the brain, so until Spring descends once more and car journeys bring us views of lambs not falling apples such considerations can be tucked away somewhere and left to mellow a while longer.
While everybody understands sales, margins might bring up a few question marks.
Last weekend I had cleaned out the closet and pulled out the last of our Watchtower Society books, magazines, and brochures. I decided a nice little ritual burning was in order. So, last night, during the time I estimated the announcement would be made, I had a ritual. Roy piled all the books and magazines in our outdoor fire pit, I cast a witches circle, and we lit them on fire. I said a few choice words–whatever I felt ‘moved by the spirit’ to utter.
- earth - pentastar: in the style of demons - sub pop records - 1996 (lp)
Downtown 121
Basic Kibbeh Recipe
Writers don’t always think about things like immediacy, but it really is something that writers should pay attention to, it’s the difference between someone liking your story, or hating it, and more importantly, it’s the difference between acceptance and rejection.
After weeks of craziness, things are beginning to slow down. Just in time for summer to come when we’ll have even more craziness. I haven’t done any major cleaning to my house since before OGE’s party. Which means I haven’t really cleaned up from his party. I got a ton done today around the house. It felt good to see things clean again. I wouldn’t consider myself a clean freak, but I like to have my baby crawling around on clean floors rather than dirty. I’m also a little anal. I’m okay with that.
Bringing his game to the next level has always been somewhat of a challenge for Westwood, especially around the greens. Yesterday, however, this was not the case – his short game was the difference between him and the rest of the field.
earth energy Solutions GROUP recommends that all businesses (residents as well) know the cost over time between newer energy efficient lighting technology vs what we have known and used for a Century.
So how do you think? Would you like to visit Tong-Young next time you go to Korea?
How to Set Up Your New Home will be held Sunday January 23rd at 10 am
Ah yes, the unicorn understands that! The enchanted mists are very similar. Thank you very much, Mati.
and a shovel, a piano, five boots
Erase expressions like “later”, “some other time” and “not now” from your vocabulary.
He scour’d the seas for many a day;
Friday – 4th May.
This really cool bro from Rochester, NY's own HTB Press has put an offer on the table in regards to producing some IC Radio-themed garb, and we're fully stoked on making it happen. The only problem: WE SUCK AT DRAWING THINGS. Can you draw good? Are you a fan of the show? Would you be interested in seeing your very own alien-smoking-a-bong-on-the-back-of-a-unicorn design emblazoned on the front of an IllCon Radio shirt, and would you be psyched to receive said shirt, for FREE, in the mail? Well shit, dude. The address is illogicalcontraption(at)yahoo(dot)com. What the fuck are you waiting for? We'll accept sketches, written ideas, scribbles on bar napkins... Whatever. Let's do this.
So lately the thought of dating has slightly crossed my mind. I know I had said I was going on a man moratorium but I think it may be something about these cold lonely nights. Or maybe it's the holidays. Either way it sure is making me miss someone to cuddle with on the couch under a warm blanket. Someone I can watch movies with on Saturday nights. Someone to kiss me goodnight*.
Good evening everyone:
You can see my work space reflected in my dressing table mirror!
I knock hoping you won’t open
So, here’s my ideal power couple. Have a great weekend.
I couldn't wait to start adding touches of Spring inside my house.
“I like the sound of that planet!” he enthuses. “And for all we know, gorillas might be the dominant species on it. If you went there as the ambassador from Earth, I’m sure they’d let you hump all the best-looking females!”
I Am the Rebel of all Old Systems
If BN wants to correct 3 very glaring mistakes first, all the smaller mistakes might even be forgotten. How about granting (since BN has the mandate) :
While we were sitting in the cottage, out of the rain, I watched Fat Head again – the second time round hit home more than the first, so much so that Bob and I now have an agreement – with the exception of social occasions (birthdays, holidays, weddings etc), he is not allowed beer, and I’m not allowed sugar. We’ll see how that goes…..
***Botox is botulinum toxin, it can be used to treat spastic disorders, excessive sweating, and of course the more famous use would be reducing wrinkles. Personally I think it is insane to inject that toxin into someone for cosmetic reasons, there have been deaths associated with it as I recall. 1mg of the toxin is theoretically capable of killing 1,000,000 hamsters/guinea pigs (I have heard of this study not seen it).
Type of Memory (RAM) DDR3
You can be the winner of this amazing kitchen appliance: The Hamilton Beach-Set n’ Forget 6 quart Programmable Slow Cooker with Lid, Click-in-Spoon, and thermometer probe. Don’t know what to cook in this wonderful Slow Cooker? I will throw in “Not Your Mother’s Slow Cooker Cookbook” by Beth Hensperger.
I'm just following the road and don't have a clue where it is leading. I like that.
51
Detroit is the story of America’s future.
The client will then begin to tell your team member why they are interested in a large SUV. Rather than your team member just taking them to the vehicle, they need to start building rapport and listening to what the client has to say.
1/2 small onion, diced
DTE last year replaced key boiler parts at the plant about 40 miles south of Detroit. The EPA claims the project qualified as a “major modification,” which should have forced the utility to install state-of-the-art pollution controls.
Hill (Mason, MI) is a midfielder who had seven goals and four assists and was second on the Spring Arbor team with 26 shots.
higher than soul can hope or mind can hide)
India is a passionate and emotion packed country. We put our heroes on cloud 9 the moment they achieve something of world recognition and bring them down mercilessly at one wrong move.
Denying
Would you believe me?
It was a great day, with Sue allowing Josephine (my "classmate") and I to play in her studio. We started off with simple mono-printing on paper first, to get the feel of it. This involves painting a canvas sheet with your chosen colour and then laying paper on top. Various techniques were then used to create a design..
“You hook this onto here and one hook goes in the back and one goes to the front.”
‘Bout limerick I wrote to regale ya.
I just recently realized how close the summer is and I can't contain my excitement! I get to go to my beach house in 2 1/2 weeks from now! How is that even possible? I can't believe it.
We weren’t asked to leave, but in our teenage minds we didn’t feel safe to stay anymore.
I used
The southern part of Ventana is where the very southernmost stand of redwoods is, which continue to recover from the fire a couple years ago. (We never found the campsite, the trail just petered out, as the folks who made this trail report said.) Finishing the hike ahead of schedule at least gave us extra time to see a typical spectacular sunset along Route 1.
I moved house a couple of years ago and no longer have a garden. I was always more of an enthusiastic rather than knowledgeable or skilled gardener, but I when I wasn’t writing (or teaching or growing babies), I loved mowing the lawn, planting seeds or even scratching the weeds from between the bricks that edged the patio. These days, arranging the odd vase of flowers, cutting a sprig of thyme or re-potting the occasional plant for our pavement garden is the closest I
Hulk: A lot of people say that this is his movie. I frankly don’t disagree. We’ve had so much of the others so far, and this was a gamble for Joss since he cast someone not everyone was on board with at first. Hulk was at the center of this movie. No, I should specify, Bruce Banner was. He had it mostly under control now but his self-loathing hasn’t changed, and he admits to attempting suicide to stop his pain. It was such a strong moment, and his friendship with Stark and his growth as a character was great. In my Incredible Hulk review I said that I wasn’t a big fan of Norton’s performance, and that’s because this is more who I wanted to see. He’s brilliant, not an action hero, sort of mild mannered and tortured, and by the time Hulk comes out at the end, we were literally all cheering in the theater. He had some of the funniest moments of the entire movie in the last half, and I think Ruffalo pulled it off entirely.
I can’t get discouraged though or I should say I won’t get discouraged. This will be the second time this month I’ve completely gone balls to wall and forgot I was on a mission to reclaim my life. I could curl up into the fetal position and throw the white flag but I won’t. I need to look myself in the mirror and ask myself, “how bad do you want this?” I need to fight for what I want. I got caught up in the moment and lost sight of the bigger picture but all I can do is start again. Below are some lyrics that I find can lend inspiration to any situation life has to offer. Courtesy of Martina McBride, In My Daughter’s Eyes.
Tele prospecting benefit such as relationship on the subject of prices and additionally endorsing. Tele prospecting has gone preceding marketplace demand development. A great deal more explore should replace to make sure you business demonstrated takes along with the precise Tele prospecting. To make sure you boost all the e-mail, messaging and additionally information-exchange protection, created experimentations. To promote guide search engine optimization conducting studies is really an imperative. Promotional human resources will have to determine just for his or her self just how have the ability most of the take are probably. Subsequently after generate transformations certain times, the can realize that numerous subjection takes literally aren’t able and also approachable. Optimum skilled individual is normally promotional splitting to build a good version of patron centric endorsing messaging in which coronary heart entirely relating to the essential for the prospects. Valuable takings keep just by Tele prospecting.
Continuity Errors. I’m sure many people have already twigged the complete retelling of Steven Moffat’s first short story in the form of this Christmas special. Continuity Errors was a brilliant short story in which The Doctor needs to check out a book from a galactic library. The book will help in stop a war. Unfortunately, the book is in a restricted area and the librarian won’t let him through. While not written in first person, the narration follows the librarian, giving her perspective on everything that happens. She never leaves the library, and The Doctor repeatedly meddles in her past, attempting to change her personality to such a degree as to finally allow him to check out the book. A Christmas Carol is the same story, just with more urgency. Now, to a degree I don’t mind that Moffat would retell this story. It is a short story in a long out-of-print collection. Why not put a new spin on it and re-release it into a more permanent format? The only problem is that he has been mining this particular story for virtually everything he has written. This story has a line that declares monster are afraid of The Doctor, a great line, actually. This line has been repeated in The Girl in the Fire Place and The Eleventh Hour. A planetary library re-appears in Silence in the Library / Forest of the Dead. In that same story we have the introduction of River Song, an smart-talking archaeologist who bears a slight resemblance to Bernice Summerfield, a companion originally created by Paul Cornell, who also appears in Continuity Errors. If you can track down the story, it is certainly worth a read because it fits with what the New Adventures line was doing with The Seventh Doctor at the time, and it is fascinating as an indicator for how Steven Moffat would approach Doctor Who when he began to write for it. Sadly, I think this is one of the more irritating aspects of the Moffat era, the recycling of material. A detailed analysis of Steven Moffat’s stories will make recurring elements glaringly obvious. The Doctor talks to children . . . a lot. This is somewhat new. Not only that, he has a tendency to talk to little girls and later meet them when they have grown up, only to find that they are in love with him (Girl in the Fireplace, The Eleventh Hour). We have Sally Sparrow helping a temporally displaced Doctor get back to his TARDIS (How I Spent My Summer Vacation, Blink). We have a dead character continuing to communicate to haunting effect (Silence in the Library, Time of the Angels). We also have a race of aliens who dress in suits, are bald, and exist just out of the vision of humans. These aliens follow us and feed off us in some way. (The Floof in Corner of the Eye, The Silence). Perhaps we could more accurately predict the outcomes of Steven Moffat stories if we study his back catalogue in greater detail. We shouldn’t even limit ourselves to Doctor Who. There is a scene in Jekyll where Thomas Jackman talks to Mr. Hyde via pre-recorded videotape. Quite similar to the Easter eggs on Sally Sparrow’s DVDs in Blink. So while I don’t begrudge Moffat drawing more heavily from his out-of-print story, doing so once more makes him look a bit like a one-trick pony.
So, what does current evidence show about different treatments for autism?
AGE had mentioned me in one of his posts and posed a very important question:
Since this event is sponsored by CouponCabin, we ask that your giveaway sponsor for this specific event not be in direct competition with them (ie. another coupon website).
The story is much more compelling than I originally expected. I couldn't believe how gory and incredible the descriptions of certain scenes were, and I can honestly say that the first description of Anna made my skin crawl. Theseus Cassio, or better known as Cas, constantly moves from town to town, making it his job to kill the particularly harmful undead. He knows all the right places to look in order to find Anna Korlov, who was once an innocent teenage girl, but is now a deadly creature you'd never want to mess with. From the moment they meet during an immature prank, she chooses to spare his life even though his plans are a bit different for her.
Starring: Buster Keaton
I am the same person although,
I’ve noticed a bit of an obsession with ghastly or graphic art in recent years, particularly on the part of the youth. Some of it appeals to me though not in any serious way. The leading subject matter of art such as this seems to be death: vampires, zombies, the living dead, being resurrected after death, blood sacrifice and other such morbid and dark subjects. I’m not sure where this trend came from but it certainly has been influenced in later years by the Twilight movies in particular I am sure. I’ve still not seen one of those films and I can’t imagine I ever will, as they simply don’t seem to appeal but I hear the rest of the world is in thrall to the extent of camping out on pavements etc etc to await the release of the latest film/book and it appears an entire sub-culture seems to have been founded upon the Twilight genre.
Decade Infernus (Black Lotus Records 2004 - Yellow Printing error on spine)
You can follow me on:
investment (state)/spending
Jeremiah 29:11 For I know the plans I have for you,” declares the LORD, “plans to prosper you and not to harm you, plans to give you hope and a future.
Thank you to everyone who entered our 'Vintage' Challenge, there were so many stunning pieces of vintage work, it was a real joy to see such beautiful crafts. Choosing a Top 3 was extremely hard, but you'll have to wait to see who made our Top 3, winner and GD at the end of this challenge post.
Redhook Ale Brewery has unveiled its latest limited release, handcrafted beer. Called 8-4-1 Expedition Ale, the American-Style Strong Brown Ale was developed by eight Redhook brewers working in four teams of two to create one beer. The ale reflects a compilation of each team’s individual recipes that were then carefully blended into one distinct beer. 8-4-1 is available for a limited time in 22 ounce bottles at select grocery stores and on draught nationwide.
It’s a shame to end with out a number 10 but I really do think that is enough for now. So I’ll just leave you with this thought – how great our drawings would we be if we just spent a little and often on them! I’m trying, I really am! I would love to hear what inspires you to draw and even see some…send me a link. JP
01. Psycho Killer
about her husband dying was so moving, but so depressing, I didn't rush into this one when I got it. But I've heard she actually tells the story of her daughter's death in a less depressing way. I have very high expectations of the book regardless.
Saskia ruffles her mum’s hair.
As a single mother she raised two children, while making a meager wage at various jobs. My mother is not a quitter. She never had much as far as a home, cars, furnishings, clothing, travel, she had enough to take care of our basic needs. I rarely heard her complain. If she did, it was very short lived and to the point. She was done and moved on to brighter thoughts. She is not one to revel in judgment of others. She does not enjoy sitting around thinking negatively of life's circumstances. She is charitable and kind of all people. She is not complicated, she is simple in her wants and pure in her thoughts. She enjoys the simple things; sunshine, children, flowers, laughter, burbling of fish in the tank, jabbering of little colorful finches, rocks, the beauty of nature, the company of joyful people. She enjoys all people no matter who, what or where they came from as long as they are not too sour.
And now? Now I feel like a bit of a fraud writing the blog. I'm writing it as a writer, but at the moment I feel anything but. I have an idea for a new novel. I have a plot. I even have a sub-plot. I have characters. I have settings. I have character sketches. I have character interviews. I have a synopsis (of sorts). I have a chapter plan (ditto). But I have hardly any words. I turn the computer on, I open Scrivener, and I look at the screen. It's not blank. There are 72 words on the page. But that's it. I like this story. I like the protagonist. Yet I just can't get going. Surely writers write. So why can't I do it? Is it because I don't yet have Beckett's (aka Ben Barnes) voice? In my heart I know that by writing the damned thing, his voice will come. Did I spend too long on the ditched story, so that I can't wipe the characters from my subconscious? Was the
If you’re not familiar with Thomas’s work… er, why the hell not? Seriously, go on, search for ‘The Golden Age of Wireless’ and ‘The Flat Earth’ and give them both a spin. Or if those aren’t to your taste (you’d be mad, but OK), try ‘Aliens Ate My Buick’ or ‘Astronauts and Heretics’ instead. If none of this moves you in any way, you are dead on the inside.
Worked on my Soulistry Animal Totem: Rabbit spread so I made a small version in my BOD.
The lodge is classic rustic. The benches are the kind we all had to make in shop class in junior high. There's no fireplace but attached to a wall is a truly ancient pair of skiis. (Think 1x4s with leather straps.) And this lodge smells like homemade soup. Plus the cinnamon buns here? Whoa.
Denmark lovely Thyssen makes a sexy presence as the evil doc's wifey-poo and presents a believable erotic symbol of desire for the doc to ignore, shipwrecked-guy to lust after and our monster to scoop up and carry around for the poster artwork and so forth. Not that she serves much more of a purpose than that, but for starting out in her career as the un-credited "Cover Girl" from the Marilyn Monroe classic Bus Stop, that's not bad. Of course, when you consider that her career ended with her featuring in a couple of Three Stooges shorts (Joe Besser-era) and that 1967 classic Cottonpickin' Chickenpickers, this film was probably her career apex.
Humayan's Tomb is a huge green oasis hidden within a large red stone wall with the towering domed mosoleum in the centre. We hung around until sunset enjoying the peaceful grounds filled with the sounds of the qawwali singers in the distance.
Short Film (Live Action): The Shore
My neighbor disappeared into his house and has not spoken to me since.
Tony Lucca (Team Adam) – Last time we saw Tony perform, Xtina called Tony one dimensional and that caused a dialogue between Adam and Tony and they both felt he has been singing the same type of songs during the competition so they wanted to show a different side of him surprising everyone. Tonight he sang a Britney Spears “Hit Me Baby One More Time.” It certainly got my attention. I think it was cool, but I could tell he was nervous while singing it. He definitely added something stand out and interesting to The Voice history. Afterwards, Carson addressed Xtina first (I am sure to see if she might say something negative) but suggested bringing Britney and Justin out to have a real Mickey Mouse Club reunion. She also said she enjoyed it. Blake said it pissed him off because it was really smart. Adam said he loved Tony. He said that it started off as Tony’s idea, but then he backed off of the idea not wanting to do it, so they fought about it and then figured he should stare his Mickey Mouse Club past in the face and do it. He said Tony embraced it and Adam was very proud of him. 1-855-VOICE-05
And lastly, all good things come in Aveda packages. This is one of my favorite brands, ever. Hands down. When I think spa, I definitely think Aveda. Every now and then I'll get the itch to have a few spa items for my own everyday use... and the products disappear so fast. It's almost depressing. Kind of like how quickly Christmas comes and goes, a bottle of Shampure shampoo/conditioner won't last long enough. It's just that good. On my Aveda Pamper Me List is the following:
But we digress (somewhat).
Jeffery was totally overshadowed by his older "parent" in Michael, who came complete with Eurotrash accent and a vile temper. And what came forth from Michael's mouth was beyond bitchy. If this man moved in next door to us, I would move. Michael is the type of old queen that makes Boys in the Band look like a comedy.
A massive thankyou Andrea, Blankina and Judy for joining us for this challenge, it's been a real honour to have three such talented crafters as our GD's. If you have a moment please stop by our GD's blogs, you wont be disappointed!!!
SEK 283 for two books (apprx USD 40)
damned nonsense for that food
4. I’m a natural pessimist. Come by it honestly, from my farmer father and grandfather. Expect the worse, we say, and what you get will always be better. Usually.
Its eggs of confusion and discontent
I'm loving all these little life moments that I wasn't always able to capture on my big camera. I could eat 'em all up with a spoon. I may have gone a little hog wild, but here's a mishmash of my fist week on Instagram....
Mark Young / Exile and the Middle Kingdom / 46
You made me feel adored
So my issue is that I’m easily discouraged. There’s no fix for that, is there? You can’t really advise someone on how not to be discouraged about their writing. Either you trust your skills or you don’t. Maybe I need to attend a conference on self-esteem boosts for writers. Would that help?
The E is for Evaluate. Ask people to critique your performance. Learn to be fair but critical to your own work.
Hugs Dawn x x x
On December 8, 2010, Loughner auditioned for the part of Uncle Fester in the upcoming Addams Family Vacation musical, which is scheduled to open on Broadway in May of this year. "I was totally right for the part," said Loughner from his cell in Pima County, Arizona. "Shaved head, crazy eyes, the whole thing. I even have the voice down." Loughner then did several impressions of Uncle Fester's voice. "See, I'm really good!"
I had to leave my baby this way. I went home, Chris stayed. I was exhausted. Completely.
-Receiving blankets
It took only a month for Melissa to realise that she had damaged her eye. 'It got more and more sore and bloodshot,' she says. 'It was as if I had conjunctivitis all the time. It was sore and weepy, very sensitive. I was really frightened.'
If you don’t have an elementary age child, then THE GOSPEL STORY BIBLE can be used as a story book for preschoolers or beginning readers. My six-year-old cuddled in my lap while I read her a page out of this Bible each day.
so let check the features of the new ACE 2 of the pack…
If you thought Madison's life was hectic in Top 8, well you haven't seen anything yet, because in What's Your Status everything seems to be going wrong. For one, because of some unintended innuendo and an unfortunate hand gesture, Maddie's boyfriend thinks that she wants to go all the way, which is far from reality. Add in the facts that she just lost her school's most coveted treasure, her best friend is dealing with something major problems, and her other one is mad at her, well, let's just say that Maddie's prom season will be anything but forgettable.
Also there is a little ice cream shack up top :)
By Alison Flood
I don't know where this information will go but sometimes I find myself typing things I"d rather not have to type. I recall having to look up a word not too long a go that was scratched on something and it was a very embarrassing definition.
Morgen: Me too. In the early interviews when authors said they’d started writing young I felt like I’d missed out but now (I started properly in my late 30s) I have all this life experience. Well, thank you Denise, it’s been lovely chatting with you.
Things are super busy, but I wanted to post a quick update before I totally forget what is happening. The kids crack me up with the things they say.
I didn't have the smoothest of mornings, consequently, but the calendar is finished and that's what's important.
these are super easy
You might consider junking the entire query and starting again. It's sometimes better to start fresh instead of trying to fix what's not working.
I will test on Tuesday morning again. But, with my new found mental freedom I might wait until Wednesday morning because that is Cycle Day 28 and the day before my expected period. If by then I do not have signs of Aunt Flo then I know I should take a test. It seems most logical to me. Can I do it though? Can I wait that long? We'll see. The more signs of A.F. the more reluctant I am to test. If I don't start spotting by Tuesday night I will be soooooo very antsy for Wednesday AM.
Then for some unknown reason, I threw it in my bag when we were packing for our recent biking vacation, and one evening, I actually picked it up and started reading it. (Oh come on, don't tell me that you pack books and never read them. Happens to me all the time.) And you know what? I found myself hooked.
I didn’t know what to do with the energy. It was so powerful, so all-consuming that I could feel it burning in my core and spiraling outward so that I, too, was spiraling. I felt like I had no gravity center, like I was a maelstrom spinning out of control, about to unleash my fury on unsuspecting citizens. I listened to some heavy music and made some art with themes of blood, of pain, scars and rage, and it helped a little but when I finished the feeling came back. I ended up talking to a guy online, someone I have known for a very long time and feel safe with, and enacting a scene in which we beat the crap out of each other.
She had a birthmark wrapped around her neck
Q: What do skeletons say before they begin dining?
2. Trim the artichokes. Most online guides to trimming artichokes have you getting rid of most of the artichoke and leaving no leaves. SO here’s what I do…
​Or one cat at least.
Contractors say there is little of no security for the supply convoys
The reality of network marketing is defined and suggested by it’s name.
The 16 beers in the running to win the competition are:
If only I could approach my life the way I approach a yoga class, maybe that would make me happy….
In Britain, with business closures and job cuts in the private and public sectors, three million unemployed and many more under-employed or simply staying home, Prime Minister David Cameron’s message to people is, “Don’t complain about welfare cuts, go and find work.”
The government and the public in general is already hot on our heels, trying to nip away as much of our rights as motorcyclists as they can. Why? I don’t know. Some people really just like to hit on people who belongs to the other group. It’s cagers against motorcyclist. Pedestrians vs. motorcyclist. PUV operators and drivers against motorcyclist. And bad motorcyclists like the one last night and this morning keep on acting like selfish assholes. It’s bad to wish someone bad luck yet even without me doing that sooner or later, they will get whatever they deserve.
Speaking as a consumer I think we are all wary of these tactics. The fact is that you are trying to sell us two of something that is really priced to make a 200% profit. We don’t even really want two of these things anyway.
Thanks for coming by and joining in on my excitement I will be sure to let you know of my experience and giveaway as soon as I get back!
The recipe is the same as the Methi dal. The only difference is, I used to avoid the tomatoes in this spinach dal. And I never cover the pan while cooking.
Paul continues to pray and exhort the Jews and Gentiles to be grounded in love towards one another and to know the love of Christ that surpasses knowledge, that they (Jews and Gentile) may be filled with all fullness of God.
.two party system
The chairman of the Trade Union Congress, Mr. Francis Oladele on behalf of the TUC and NLC, commended the governor for his administration’s welfare programmes. He also added that in the last two years of this administration, the workers in Osun State have benefited so much from the welfare programmes of the Governor.
Add onion and bell peppers; saute for 5 min or until tender.
But then La Maîtresse said this --
When you walk into a room I’ve designed, you should first think, “Wow, this really looks like...” After that, I want you to feel warm and cozy. I want you to want to linger and not leave. What I don’t want you to ever do is notice is how pricey stuff is, even if I robbed the Met for every piece of furniture in the room and the walls are tricked out with a gazillion Picassos.
Even if it was, "Hey Chet; thanks for making our favorites look good by comparison!"
Reading the books is the worst thing you can do in preparation for the Hunger Games. It’s the Hunger Games equivalent of not hydrating before you hit the arena. If you read the book, you will know how much they left out of the film, couldn’t find a way around or just said fuck it let’s get paid.
Mark 8:28
Technological advances, particularly since the 1970s, have massively and rapidly altered the capitalist system in one crucial respect. As Hobsbawm suggested, computers and robots have created a large surplus of people around the globe. And capitalism, which is about growth, profit and speed of production, is unable and unwilling to deal with the surplus of humans.
3. Favorite number? 7 and 23 !
The flow of traffic is better when you are in the “diamond lane”. You cannot drive in the lane if you are driving alone. You must have one or more persons traveling with you to reach your destination faster and to avoid slow traffic.
I like it better because it means your cabbages are not overly pesticide.
- 13 FT USB Cable with internal cable storage
Please be aware that William didn't even know what a potter's wheel was before we got there and so I don't think that he did too badly. What do you think?
Bonus 2: Jaundiced View: Desire Love Hate Healing Poetry eBook
My first encounter with aden + anais products was the organic muslin swaddles I received for O’s baby shower. They were so beautiful and versatile even now that O is 9 mths, I’m still using them.
Jonathan is a counsellor, so the book is filled with real-world examples from his own clients, and their experiences of walking through his 5-step “Be Fearless” plan.
What type of a reader are you? Do you soak up scenes written by others? Imagine them for days on end? Find choice gems of passages that affect you for life? Do you want your readers to feel this way about your own prose?
We had been warned about crazy traffic and parking woes on campus the day of His Holiness' visit, so I opted to just bring my girl along to work with me. She got herself all purdied up for the D-L
13. Unschoolers are prepared for the world because they've always lived in it.
Pre-order from Amazon:
2. Link us on your blog by putting our SBU banner/image anywhere on your blog. Just copy the code that we
Some great little tables though and I know you all have been asking for those! And of course ladders, boxes and chairs are always on our shopping list!!
This little light of mine
(7) The Livingston-Penn Minimum during cycles 24 and 25 (the decreased solar activity forecast in their 2006 paper, for which they won the Nobel Prize). The resulting global cooling, intensified by the eruption of Katla, would have created horrific crop failures and famine if not for the earlier warming. The replacement of fossil fuels with fusion and solar stabilized CO2 levels.
For instance, I’ve made exactly one gingerbread house, and it was initiated by me last year (I built it with my little sister). Or, we never had a turkey. Our Christmas Eve meals have ranged from chinese fondue to catered Subway. We do have a tree, every year, and presents do happen.
After the film, Feuerzeig fielded questions from an initially timid audience and briefly discussed his current projects (two docs about The Monks and Tiny Tim).
I will be giving away a $15 giftcard to your favorite craft store or online store!
But will it help me if I am "a little odd"? I'm not denying that I may be - though surely no-one ever regards themselves as odd? It's the other folk who are all a bit strange, isn't it? Especially if they don't invent dialogue in their heads, have conversations with imaginary people and suddenly glaze over in the middle of talking to other, real, people.
Elton John – “Goodbye Yellow Brick Road” (MCA)
Some of you have seen pictures, his name…so forgive me for resharing all of this, but it’s kind of nice to be able to post it all here so that I can look back years to come and relive this little stuff.
However the complete absence of the bloggers I know is not the only reason I haven't kept up with all local blogs that I know, There is one blogger I refuse to communicate with because of her criminally heartless treatment of one of my close friends. No names, no pack drill, as they say, and she is a lawyer so I'd probably get ripped a new arsehole if I linked to her after that comment.
Don’t paint the inside of your home based on what your favorite colors are. Remember that you’re selling your home and its new owners might not like those colors. It is wiser to go with neutral colors, like eggshell or taupe. Put a high value on the need for new paint, as it will reflect a feeling of freshness that many buyers will look upon favorably.
The book’s dedication reads: “For sons, and for their fathers.” I’m not saying that daughters and mothers won’t enjoy the book but the mother-daughter dynamic is different to the father-son dynamic. Andrew didn’t ask me to review this book; I offered. He’s from Grangemouth on the east coast and the only thing that connects us is the Forth and Clyde Canal – literally.
In my mind’s eye, I see an African mother. She is an amalgam, really….her face a compilation for every young sub-Saharan woman whose picture I have ever seen on the glossy pages of National Geographic magazine.
XX Fi XX
Well now a lone man in Toronto has started a campaign not to shut us down but in a way to shut us up.
Now, I'm very lucky and run a brewery on an estate with more history and stories than you can shake a proverbial stick at, so I am naming all my beers after Welbeck-y stuff. Racehorses were a huge doo for the 6th Duke of Portland in particular, and many of the buildings on the estate were built for the equestrian world; stables, a riding school etc. St. Simon was one of the most famous racehorses that ever there was, and it was owned by the Duke. I will be brewing a years series of special ales based on the racehorses at Welbeck which will lead up to the new exhibition at the Harley Gallery. If you follow Welbeck on Twitter and Facebook you'll learn about them as they pop up but I'll try and blog too.
1 hissed
"I'll deal with these one at a time, if I may. Firstly, it's going alright, though I kinda need a piss after all the coffee I drank this morning and, frankly, my balls are sweaty to the point of discomfort in this weather. You know how it is.
This overheated hostility toward public schools runs throughout the new literature on liberal homeschooling, and reveals what is so fundamentally illiberal about the trend: It is rooted in distrust of the public sphere, in class privilege, and in the dated presumption that children hail from two-parent families, in which at least one parent can afford (and wants) to take significant time away from paid work in order to manage a process—education—that most parents entrust to the community at-large.
The DarkSide of the Wall
choices will be easy, because several sizes are available. They usually cost
Matthew 5:39, “But I say unto you, That ye resist not evil: but whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.”
On the sixth day of my trip I visited a retired Schoolmarm in a town called Serendipity. She wants to write them Dime Novels, too. I told her my 5 Favorite Places to Write. Miss Viv liked my books so much that she rushed out to the local stationer & bought a passel of ’em. Not my Dime Novel, I hasten to add. My Writers’ Notebooks.
A portable meth lab is also known as a one-pot lab, where a smaller batch of the drug is manufactured.
“ I need to make a decision in the next few months as to how I manage that since I’m running against John McCain, which takes a lot of time. If women take a moment to realize that on every issue important to women, John McCain is not in their corner, that would help them get over it.”
In there current state, I can't say I really like them but who couldn't use another candle holder, right?!
But you see, here’s the thing that is constantly made obvious to me. Many of us carry – to a greater or lesser extent - some kind of pain and trauma. Inevitably it stems from our childhood. Inevitably it was linked to our parents’ or some other’s pain. It finds its roots in pain that has gone on to become accepted childrearing practice - what Alice Miller calls the poisonous pedagogy. It goes on to shape societies and systems of governance. Seldom if ever did we bring the pain upon ourselves – yet we almost always pass it on. So there it is and there we sit with it. What becomes pivotal is how we deal with our pain – if we deal with it - if we are able to deal with it. Either we handle it and heal ourselves from it – and it strikes me that those who do are in the minority – for it takes resources, support, love, courage and fortitude to mine the depths of that which injured us and move on. Or, we pass it on. We may do so by turning it inward or we may vent our spleen on those around us – whether we know them or not. We try to make our issues their issues, we fail to deal with the things that make us ache and instead, like hand grenades, we detonate outwards, spreading and scattering our pain and our fear - through one means or another. And isn’t this perhaps the root of our problems - our and society's failure or inability to take responsibility for personal traumas, issues, baggage - the stuff that we all carry to some extent or another? Of course some might say, “But I didn’t ask for this to happen to me, it’s not my fault, not my responsibility.” Actually, whether you “asked” for it or not, it’s yours and utlimately only you can take the responsiblity - with support and love and care - to deal with it. No one else can. We start with ourselves, with a single step. Perhaps that is indeed the challenge of being human – to acknowledge, call up and accept our pain - personal and collective, to deal with it and our needs and fears, to move beyond and so to stop the rot of the constant spreading of personal trauma and fear. I accept it is not always easy, that circumstances can work against us but perhaps it is a case of to each his/her own level of challenge. I don't know. All I do know is I wish we'd stop hurting others because we are hurt - it makes for far too much of a Catch-22 situation which goes on and on and on...
So about an hour late to lunch I finally get to the restaurant and find Addi packing my meal into a to-go box. As I was thanking him Becca informed me that he was mostly trying to cover up the tracks of how much of my fried rice he had eaten. Clever.
Anyway, Mo really has a way of capturing the joy of childhood, so I happily picked up about 4 or 5 of these images. I hope to have another one colored up in the next day or two.
As we came off the mountain, Virgil realized that he had three hungry women in the truck that he needed to feed quickly! We spent the the last hours of our day at a local restaurant with the best "home-cooked" food that could be found.
A portion of the trunk of a Norfolk pine by the beach.
Worship :
The story was an alien invasion sort of thing: One group of aliens has come to escape the other group of aliens, who are intent on occupying Earth. The first group must defend the helpless planet against the evil aliens while keeping alive themselves. The Earth-is-a-battleground-for-supernatural-powers thing.
HA! See! Yes! Nail on the head! I pointed out, with intense fury, that the Federal Reserve didn’t merely want to hide inflation facts from the masses, it also wanted to conceal future bail outs of the euro. These ‘repurchase agreements’ were what the EU bankers and the Fed used in 2008 when the Fed SECRETLY lent them all, many of whom were private bankers and investment firms, over $16 trillion
As I opened this book, I was worried that it might just be another boring celebrity biography, hastily ghostwritten and churned out in time for Christmas. However, by the time I got to page seven, Simon Pegg had already poked fun at the phenomenon of the celebrity autobiography, which immediately raise my hopes for the rest of the book.
Updates from the National Sorghum Producers and the United Sorghum Checkoff Program will be given, as well.
6. Adam Raised a Cain- Bruce Springsteen
That said, robo-Jason is horrible. Robo-Jason is proof that not everything needs an upgrade. You can keep your 3D, Facebook timeline and your hashtags; I prefer my Jason to be all smelly and raggedy. It's fortunate that his transformation to stupid glittery space robot is only for the last 20 minutes of the film. Although it does allow me to imagine an alternate ending where his remains crash near a small squad of Cybermen and he rises to become king. King robo-Jason of the Cybermen. After lopping Amy and Rory to bits, Jason kills The Doctor with his own bowtie (repeatedly, until he can't regenerate anymore) and steals the TARDIS. He takes it back to the inception of the Earth whereupon he and his Cybermen become overlords of Crystal Lake; always and forever. Just a little idea of mine. Feel free to use that, New Line Cinema and Steven Moffat.
At least my friends make regular trips into Malaysia,
This is a very lovely 18th century French chest, that is not a steal in the $3,000.00 range, but a fair price. While we are training our eye, this dealer had some really unusual French and English chairs.
Thanks so much for stopping by to say "hi" it is always a joy to read who visited me.
01 - Feel Like I Don't Know What I'm Doing
On its own merits, however, it’s rather nice. The word Shakespearean gets thrown around a lot in relation to this story, but inexplicably it’s usually in relation either to the dialogue or the costumes and set. Given that Johnny Byrne and Christopher Bidmead are not exactly the go-to guys for searingly brilliant poetry and that “Shakespearean costumes” really just mean that we’re on another pseudo-medieval planet of the sort that we’ve seen three times already this season including last episode this argument holds very little water.
Krishna to Krishna is the chariot of fire across the prima facie of Christ
It’s not how I would normally approach a game. In men’s sports it is far too common to have an angry approach to a game. I thought it was good for STRD to play a game with a little anger and see how that approach worked for them. Each of the games we had played together had a different vibe, and being experienced in how to deal with emotion in sport, I feel, is important. I had also used a more common line structure that, in combination with penalties, did not evenly utilize players. Some were less happy with this approach but it is how the game is played. We all have days where we aren’t playing up to our level and there are opponents that require the use of certain players above others. Would it be responsible of me to continue to play a player who is either having a bad day or whose abilities are not working against an opponent simply to have them on the track for an allotment of time? Certainly not if it means that we lose our edge and then possibly the game.
Conservationists estimate that as many as 100 million sharks are slaughtered each year, primarily for just their fins. There is a dispute as to the actual number, with the lowest figure around 25 million. Because of this massive slaughter, it is thought that some shark species could have decreased by more than 75%. In a process called "shark finning," fishermen, while at sea, will catch sharks, remove their fins, and then throw the rest of the shark back into the sea where they will die. The most commonly targeted shark species include blacktip, blue, bull, hammerhead, mako, porbeagle, sandbar and thresher, though sometimes other shark species are taken as well.
Seems to me like body composition would be the opposite of giving kids a low self-esteem.
Thank you Mr Whitehouse for the clarification that neither bid involves liquidation. Of course that decision is not ultimately in the hands of the bidders. It is in the hands of the administrators, acting IN THE BEST INTERETS OF THE CREDITIRS!
Last night I had my wife take a picture of me in shorts and no shirt, I did this back when I started this blog as a reference for myself to see where I was and where I have gone, it was very effective in keeping me on track. I would take 2 images per month, one on the first and one some time on the middle of the month and I have a folder with all of these images dated and photoshopped together with the image from Jan 6 2008 so that I can see my progress. I will probably never share these images with anyone but my wife which is likely a better choice so that I don't scare the population or anyone that may stumble upon the images on the net but anyone that is trying to lose weight I would recommend doing this.
All you do is bake a cake, cool it, crumble it up (directions for novices, like me, are in the book), add 3/4 can of frosting, and mix it together using the back of a spoon or spatula. Chill. (The dough, Silly.)
Extremely effective and designed for egg washing. The unique blend of all natural enzymes attacks organic stains and protein residue for effective removal of contaminants. For years, producers have looked for an alternative to chlorine for cleaning eggs. Now they have one.
I really should be studying for finals right now, but I just have to share this.
Don't miss the perfect blend of Regency-era romance and mystery in The Maid of Fairbourne Hall! Grab a copy and then be sure to enter Julie's Kindle Fire Giveaway and RSVP for her Author Chat party on Facebook! Swoon.
Invitation for Friday Toast and Roast for out of towners - since we will already be married we can't really call it a rehearsal
I was fraught with worry in relation to aspects of novel writing that I didn’t really understand, considering this is my first venture into writing – that of libel, defamation or other scary legal words I had stumbled across in relation to writing about real persons or events. Despite my fiction novel being based on true events and real people, it contains no falsities, malice or ill-will towards any of the main characters (well, apart from myself perhaps!). For the most part, it is a thoughtful psychological analysis of how certain events, people and instances can effect the human psyche from childhood through into adulthood and up until self-discovery.
Abilities = Skills
Two of the strongest films gave vivid views of two very different settings. “Farewell, My Queen” is directed and co-written by Benoit Jacquot who has made other notable films centering on female characters like “The School of Flesh” and “A Single Girl”. “Farewell” unfolds in the court of Marie Antoinette as revolutionary fervor spreads and the aristocrats begin to realize they are in danger.
Marcus Keeley
When Rush Limbaugh took note of Santelli, he said, “This is the pulse of revolution, starting today!” The Tea Party movement began the next day.
2. In the Flat Field
American School & University
Resists urge to yell, IT'S SOOOOOOOOOO FLUFFY.
Pictures of Lily
perfect batting average and I came up to bat 5 times” Nobody, in fact out
Being a writer requires taking risks. Daily.
* Ice cream! I’ve only tried it with vanilla (I’m somewhat of a purist), but I wonder what it would taste like with chocolate ice cream, or pecan or coffee (because Biscoff cookies are so damned good with coffee!)
Damn, no-talent shitheads like Rebecca Black and these two bitches can go viral.
Amazing dances, the Sunday was unbelieveable, but as an aside, I'd never seen Carole Beauxis before, she fucking rocks. I don't think I'd even heard of her, what was the matter with me? Hopefully someone will post video, but in the meantime, that's how you spell it.
Starting at the long edge, fold over a thin strip of the sponge to start off your roll. Then confidently roll up the rest of the sponge to form a log. Use the paper underneath to help you lift and roll the cake.
Duryodhana, the main enemy of the Pāṇḍavas, sent the powerful sage Durvāsa with his thousands of disciples to dine with Yudhiṣṭhira while they were exiled in the forest. There was no way Yudhiṣṭhira could feed so many people, so Durvāsa would be inconvenienced. Durvāsa is famous for getting angry easily and cursing people seriously, so Duryodhana made this scheme in the hopes that Durvāsa would curse the Pāṇḍavas.
Total 10-12 servings
i knew from the start that this shawl was a bit on the frilly side for me. despite my better judgement, cassandra lured me in with its circular shape and its fluid feel. having learned the lesson (with my last shawl) that solid colours reveal a crocheted design so much better than variegated colours do, and hoping that it would counteract the frilly nature of this pattern, i went with basic black malabrigo sock (side note: malabrigo is definitely on my list of desert island yarns). i think it does work well here, letting the details of the pattern take the spotlight, as they should. and the details, well they were lovely and easily worked, except for that nasty row 38, which was not so much complicated as it was painstakingly slow (i really can’t emphasize that enough).
On the bus, I met a group of college students that were in Hawaii on a school trip. They made me feel slightly old, as well as wish I went to a different college (I don’t remember any trips to Hawaii at my school!), but they were a fun bunch of kids.
Directed by Sam Raimi and starring Tobey Maguire in the title role, the eagerly awaited comic book adaptation Spider-Man was released on Friday, May 3, 2002, and quickly became the fastest movie ever to earn more than $100 million at the box office, raking in a staggering $114.8 million by Sunday, May 5.
The minister first claimed that we had not sold sniper rifles to Libya - as far as she was aware.
Jesus Ascends- A fun craft that gives a hands-on experience of Jesus disappearing in the cloud as He did so long ago. (Crafts from your favorite Bible Stories by Kathy Ross, page 60 & 61).
He hesitated.
Detailed notes on yields
If DC abruptly went insane and suddenly signed over all rights to the original creators the result in sales would likely remain the same. The die-hard fans will buy it, the scans will be shared world-wide and the exposure to the product will ensure that any licensing and marketing deals they signed will be lucrative. The comic books of today, in whatever format they find a reader, are little more than periodical advertisements for future media projects anyways. Comics long ago stopped being the product in and of itself and became sales pitches and ads the consumer pays for, like t-shirts with product logos printed on them. Whatever the future holds for the Watchmen cast can be predicted but not with any real accuracy. Technology almost guarantees that there will be an Watchmen animated series in the future and digital comics are, once the business models get smoothed out, only going to gain in popularity (though the digital form wipes out the collector market and the only cache in "collecting" those would be an artificially created desire to be "first" or in receiving limited edition serials restricted to a limited market).
I spent a little time cleaning out and reorganizing,
The book “In the Company of Men” by Nancy Mace gives you a terrific overview of knob year and the terms you’ll hear from your cadet.
university newsroom, big glasses and frilly blouse. Hair that smelled like the
Going back to Umber. A lot of that stuff kind of predated, I'm not even sure if you'd call it post-rock, really, because it really wasn't, and that's such a retarded term, anyway. Things like "Americruiser" or "Douglas Leader", those tracks stand out from that record. Do you think they still stand out?
And why the man in my bed didn't make me feel any better
How startling and radical has the Easter story not been? What happens when Jesus dies? That heavy duty curtain shutting us out of their view of the presence of God – that last barrier – is ripped! Yay and Hallelujah!
Sharing your thoughts about my creations inspires me more and makes me smile, so thank you for those of you that take the time to drop me a line. Many blessings to you my friends.
-You are responsible for figuring out the best way to ship your items depending on their size and how fragile they are. (Don’t forget about flat rate boxes!)
9)I will totally harness my thoughts and manifest the life I really want.
Moral of the story, go out and do something. Chances are you’ll have a better time than you would have if you stayed home. Build memories, without them have you really lived at all?
For the basis in the study in between LG mobile phones along with BlackBerry mobile phones, the particular bottom line appear which each your devices of the organizations possess the characteristics which can be preferred by the found time consumers. You will discover a big amount of followers on the handsets connected with the two most of these brands. The particular users won’t repent as long as they invest in the particular type of the of these firms. You can find several handsets usually are staying presented by simply LG along with Bb. It’s estimated in which, inside the in close proximity to future, these kinds of manufacturers can relieve many more devices while using features that happen to be not necessarily imagined because still. Therefore receive the device on the LG in addition to Bb and have amazed with all the intriguing functions which can be readily available inside them.
Tucker spent the night at Brie's and will stay there today to swim. (Guess he has it pretty good.)
Say it with me....awwww. He's amazing.
I couldn’t leave my seat.
In which momentous world events
Sam Raimi really hit it out of the park here. Spider-Man 2 has everything a good comic book movie requires. It is exciting, funny, dramatic…when they announced the villain was Doctor Octopus, fans worried. I am unsure why. Spider-Man has a solid rogues gallery, second to Batman. And Doctor Octopus is a classic villain. And Spider-Man 2 beat all complaints into the ground. The casting of Alfred Molina was perfect. He manages to capture a wide range of character traits. In the beginning he is a funny, genial. Yet He becomes ominous and frightening.
Junior Pitcher Stephanie Miller hit a game-winning 2-run home run in the bottom of the 8th inning to give the Northwest High School softball team a 12-10 win over visiting Seneca Valley on Tuesday.
3. Stephanie Meyer is a very talented writer, and despite the subject being fantasy, it remains very believeable.
So I guess you want to know what the prizes are then?
Two years ago I wouldn't have a clue what I was talking about either. Two years ago I didn't know what a Blog was. I had no idea that friendship could emerge from writing about the mundane, daft, and heart-rending things that happen day by day. I didn't know that people would drop by and leave comments that would hearten and sustain me through a dark day. Or make me roar with uncontained laughter. Or make me smile right down to my toes. I would have been totally gobsmacked to hear that Blogging could actually produce some real, Top, Friends.
A better name for this toxic organization would be The American Association for the Preservation of Diabetes, because that is what it does--probably because without diabetes the corporations and professionals who support it would cease to profit.
You can add things to the calendar the same way. You can make cards with chores and stick them in the pocket. So when you see it that day you have to do what the card says. Also, you can make cards with activities you want to do with your child, like art, museum visit, a game, etc.
From this, Manuela developed an unconscious habit of playing with her hair when tired
I hear a loud thud. Then crying. Great, they really are trying to kill each other. I can tell from the crying that the injury is probably not life threatening. I don’t dare get up to check on them until this call is over. I would hate for the person on the other end to know that I have monsters in my house. They probably don’t have monsters in their house. I’m pretty sure this is a freak thing that no other parent has ever experienced. No? Still, it’s not exactly what you want to hear on the other end of a phone while you’re trying to do business.
Grapes or not, Stewart’s disses have seemingly left a sour taste in Megyn’s mouth.
Date: 23 February 2012, Circus 2 at Stratford Circus, 19:30-21:30, general public £3, students £1.
At the same time the chronically awesome community is helping me, I feel I am starting to help others (and that other people are helping me as well). Plus I now have a much more fulfilling goal than to crochet a blanket for my partner… Which is good if you take into account that it is a former financial director here writing; a girl who was working to become CEO in a big company… Anyway, it’s not time to look back but forward.
Martin Luther King Jr. was murdered in 1968 when I was 20 years old. To say that he defined social justice in my formative years would be an understatement. And yet, as much as I admired his fiery and charismatic rhetoric and his brilliant mind, he was never the leader I wanted to follow. HIs personality and perhaps his religion were too different from mine, at least his public personna, we were not, obviously BFFs.
Dear Butcher's home -- to day may be the day to load the CD's up in the car and head out to the hinterlands to find a leather shop.
corporations telescoping from one to the other, back and forth between
Instead I watched my walls unreeel vignettes
Metta World Peace’s absence will take a large factor in the result of the 2012 playoffs.
Well this turned into quite a rambling post, but it covers several topics :) That has to count for something right?
- Monogram canvas with natural cowhide trim and Golden hardware, sometime will comes with silver hardware
Oh, wait a minute. There is one tiny, little, itty-bitty thing that bothers me when I go to do whatever it is God wants me to do – I don’t know the outcome. I don’t even get to know the path I am suppose to take. It’s like those computer games that only allow you to see the room you are in and no more. I don’t get to see beyond the next footstep. Yet, God has never, ever taken me down a wrong path. In fact, when I follow Him, I find myself being who I am really meant to be. I am doing and being all I am created to do and be.
Using a set of dies and stamps from a collection by (you guessed it!) PTI, I came up with these little cards for every age from 1 through to 10.
Friends of friends are all sooooo NICE and SOOO CUTE and soooo funny and sooooo smart! Except, that is, when they're not. Not that I don't beg my friends to set me up with their own rejections (if they are a woman) or competition (if they are a man) all the time, but still, we should really know what we are getting ourselves into.
So that was why Ju-Ju had to get over
Even though I know it’s wrong,
It's film for those who haven't seen very many European westerns, or for the hardest hardcore fans of these movies... the rest of us would be better off with something featuring Clint Eastwood & Lee Van Cleef or Bud Spencer & Terrence Hill.
The only other way that I can see to prevent Swap Sadness is to include some form of public humiliation, like a special blog where people can post pictures of the shit they got in a swap. Swap Flops, or something. (Note to self: this could work. Nab that URL now!)
Double Peanut Butter Cookies
Gathering beneath the steeple,
Well, I don’t think they’ll be happy if I put their actual name online, on my blog. They’ll probably kill me. Especially my EXTRME Jpop friend. She get annoyed or angry at the SLIGHTEST things. Like if you write a romanji wrong … or pronounce something wrong. Ahh.. It’s hard being her friend. Jk. we’ve been friends for .. three to four years.. I’ve gotten used to it.
Something American was needed. Something we had really missed. I remembered we bought a bag of chocolate chips when we were in Georgetown in January. Cookies! How perfect?? Some of you know, my favorite thing in life is chocolate chip cookies. Yum!
The concrete jungle where dreams are made, there's nothing you can't do... These streets will make you feel brand new, big lights will inspire you...
The current battle within the Republican Party for the nomination to be President of the the United States is nothing short of a circus. Since, the voters do not demand discussion of the issues from the party and the candidates the voters are left with character assassinations, misrepresentations, and false beliefs. The voters of America have over many decades have put too much emphasis on the position of president. Thus, the voter has forgotten that the laws come from the House and Senate.
5 lb. Liquid Dark Extract
One story has given me more food for thought than others.
But hidden away among the clouds above the Utcubamba Valley in the northern Andes lies the imposing limestone fortress of Kuelap, a pre-Incan walled city that is the largest stone structure in not only all of Peru, but the entire continent.
Walking up the category works, too. For a bit more cash (lads, lasses: take cash tomorrow, don't feck about with credit cards, you'll just hold up other folks who need to get a drink! And don't forget plenty of dollar bills for tips!), you can get Jameson 12 Year Old, Bushmills 10 or the 1608, or Tullamore 10. See what Irish can offer.
Please go to the following link and send message to President Putin asking him to intervene in this case to secure the release of the women and to pardon them if they are convicted.
Husband: Why would you do that? Are you afraid they might pay our electric bill?
Simultanously, it’s a way for me to brag. Let’s be honest about it.
Nobuyoshi Araki (荒木経惟) or simply Araki (アラーキー) is one of Japan’s leading photographers.
8This persuasion cometh not of him that calleth you.
At the same time, at the May 13 2000 beatification ceremony of Jacinta and Francisco, Pope John Paul II would “reveal” the other part—the most “terrifying part”—of the Secret obliquely in his sermon. It was here that John Paul II spoke on the Apocaplyse: “Another portent appeared in Heaven; behold, a great red dragon” (Apoc. 12: 3). These words from the first reading of the Mass make us think of the great struggle between good and evil, showing how, when man puts God aside, he cannot achieve happiness, but ends up destroying himself… The Message of Fatima is a call to conversion, alerting humanity to have nothing to do with the “dragon” whose “tail swept down a third of the stars of Heaven, and dragged them to the earth” (Apoc. 12:4).
Centre for Independent Journalism (CIJ) Malaysia
Now with the first book "finished" (meaning other than advert, there's nothing left to do =D), I'm moving more into book 2, The Origin Stone. I feel like I lost my wings. The first novel I finished just kept coming to me in spurts. The words would just appear in my head and I couldn't get them out fast enough. This was the cause of immense amounts of typos in the first draft, but that was easily remedied.
James removes his underwear and Melissa smiles. She then removes her underwear and stood there proud.
Whoops, found a typo in my track titles. Gotta go fix it, delete the ZIP file I just uploaded, and try it again. I try to do a good job on these things. I screw them up more than I would like, but I try...
Latest Electronic Gadgets
Now the original narrative just got even more “complicated,” which is what our moral, ethical, and intellectual superiors in the media always say when they’ve failed to dumb down an already-complicated situation. Reuters reports:
Did you see that I sewed on the card? I finally decided I should just use my other Sewing machine instead of old faithful (my first sewing machine), and I'm so glad I did. Sigh! Why did I wait so long ;)
Here at my own home, I watched an unconsciously spontaneous evening of sharing unfold in my neighborhood, which is the purest kind of ritual. Unplanned and authentic. Advertisements and staged events pale in comparison to the natural way that natural humans have of just coming together, for no apparent reason than to enjoy each other’s company. No entrance fees are required. It happens all on it’s own, if we just get out of the way and let it.
On Monday evening a short walk with Bunty up towards Hips Heugh to check for Ring Ouzels, did not find the mark, but 6 Wheatears were a bonus, plus 2 adult Brown Hares and 3 leverets in one field. A Roe doe was flushed on the way up.
As the Super Friends continued, each year the production company slightly changed the format to make the series seem new every year, but it was a smart use of animation so not to completely reinvent the wheel.
Hero of Sparta
Folic acid interacts with Dilantin (a brand name for phenytoin sodium), as well as other anticonvulsants. Large amounts of vitamin C taken within an hour of vitamin B supplements will destroy the cobalamin component. Niacin may interfere with control of blood sugar in people on antidiabetic drugs.
Pete and I were able to make it to the southern end of Union Creek and back without incident today. We went by the place where the Marines said they were attacked. Sure enough, there was a burned out HMMWV carcass in the middle of the road. After poking around in the wreckage for a bit, Pete and I decided that the story we had heard fit with what we saw. The topography made for a good ambush site. We found blood on the nearby hilltops, but no bodies. There was a sizable chunk out of the road where the IED must have been detonated.
Part way through the film it is revealed that Nell is pregnant. Cotton and the crew assume it is her boyfriend. When they confront the young man, he reveals he and Nell have never had sex because he is gay. They then assume the father of Nell's baby is, well, her father Louis. Louis had a falling out with the church a number of years back and after the death of Nell's mother has become more and more reclusive. Naturally, he seems like the most likely candidate to have fathered this baby. When Cotton and the crew return to confront him they find the Sweetzer home covered in Satanic symbols. As they run through the woods where they hear chanting they find Nell tied down, giving birth to something with spikes as the aforementioned Cloverfield monster makes an appearance out of the fire. Cotton goes towards the chaos holding a crucifix, attempting to fight the monster while the members of the crew are killed off by the mob. The tape ends.
Let me give you an example so you can understand what I mean.
On my journey I came upon a real genocide that is taking place. One that will erupt upon the death of one of that countries iconic father figures and indeed a world treasure that all world leaders, musicians, Hollywood misfits and vermin of all colours scramble to have their pictures taken with. That would be Nelson Mandela and the country South Africa. The victims of this genocide are white Afrikaners, the Boers, (farmer in Afrikaner) and Indian farmers.
It was actually my husband, who’d barely spoken since earlier that morning when he questioned whether this was “the real thing” or not, who said to me around 7 pm “Honey, why don’t you just let Jesse check you before you get this epidural. I’m okay with it if you really want to do it, but I just know you REALLY didn’t want to go that route.” Dawn also asked me a pivotal question…”Pam, if you get the epidural and get a half hour of sleep before you have to start pushing, and this baby is born an hour from now, will you be happy you did it?” Without hesitation I answered “No, I wouldn’t be happy!” and Dawn said she knew at that moment I wasn’t done yet! My determination was stronger than my fatigue! Call off the anesthesiologist!
As I say this was last weekend and this coming weekend Koichiro is having an exhibition of British slipware in his gallery, the plan was that the pots that I sent would be enough for both shows. They weren't! I had an email yesterday to see if I had any more and could I possibly get some to him as soon as possible. Very exciting news indeed.
I had no idea what I would learn. Stepping into the Columbus airport at Wednesday night at 10pm, I rubbed my groggy eyes after a 6 hour flight from San Francisco, CA, which included a one layover in Kansas! The Honda exhibition pictured is the first thing that catches my eye. Welcome to Ohio!
An unlimited power was also committed to a select committee, consisting of his lordship and four gentlemen, to act and determine every thing themselves, without dependence on the council. It was, however, recommended in their instruction«, to consult the council in general as often as it could be done conveniently ; but the sole power of determining in all cases was left with them, until the troubles of Bengal should be entirely ended. (from Encyclopaedia Britannica: or, A dictionary of arts, sciences, and miscellaneous literature, enlarged and improved, Volume 11; Publisher A. Constable, 1823 edition).
for real
One more sleep until half term Whoop whoop :).
I never made it to a Soviet drunk tank, despite the best efforts of friends and colleagues, but a couple of my fellow students in Voronezh were once called upon to bail out "Major" Farid Bouaouni, an Algerian Situationist shepherd who looked like Major Easy.
However, the prosecution has five days to seek an appeal and, if the challenge is accepted, Mr Lubanga will remain in detention until that appeal is heard, the ICC said in a statement.
2 considerable
All winners get to enter into the gates of heaven.
This is maddening. There has to be a way forward, there just has to be. If only I could find the right path. If only I could write the novel that fuels my dreams.
Hope all is good with you. See you on the next post!
Rating: 3 out of 5 stars
11. R. Falcao (Atletico Madrid): Age: 26 Gls: 17 – WGR: 1.07
Fabiana Romero was gunned down in the breezeway outside of her new apartment at Villa del Sol condos in south Orange County Wednesday. Jesus Romero, her estranged husband whom she had filed for divorce from and had a permanent injunction against, was found dead nearby from a self-inflicted gunshot wound, deputies said.
It's wet, is what. Not the yarn, thank the KG--and yeah, I asked, twice--but the wall. And the floor. My knitting room shares a wall with the kids' bathroom--the same wall the shower is against. And that wall is, according to the Head Guy, "unsalvageable." As is the IKEA Expedit unit that stores the yarn. Again, according to the Head Guy. This prompted me to ask again about the yarn, and I think he finally caught on that the yarn, for some inexplicable reason, is Important. That maybe it is so Important to the crazy lady of the house that it could be used as a bargaining chip to get me on board with the whole, "we have to tear down half your house" idea. Because he immediately began reassuring me that only one corner of the yarn storage is wet, and he personally removed the yarn from the wet section and put it across the room. And, if the insurance company approves the claim, his guys will very carefully box the yarn, exactly as it is in the bookcase right now, by color, and label it, and make sure it goes back where it belongs.
"Love is the amazing wish to be irresistibly preferred." - Level Twain
Hands over mouths, eyes expanded
So imagine my excitement when I came across Elle Summers "400 Mile Fitness challenge 2011" on her blog, Books, Fitness & Other Stuff. I have taken up her challenge and will be making a post about my miles each Saturday.
In the history of contemporary Vietnam, I can hardly find a Communist leader that I actually admire; Ho Chi Minh had us fooled in the past, making us think that he had Vietnam’s interest in mind; Le Duan was a hardline Communist, installing harsh, Stalinist policies that created much suffering for the Vietnamese people. After these men, I can honestly say that no Vietnamese leader within the past 20 years has done anything to help Vietnam.
This week in communication skills my group set about to finish planning and filming the short film assignment we were given last week called "A Chance Encounter"
The theme of connection is powerful. As Nora drives around the largest lake in the world, the readers makes connections to the three women and their influence on each other. The past and present converge in The Long-Shining Waters to create a timeless, meaningful piece of literature.
Thus there was no shortage of possibilities for a ghostly encounter when I set up for my night at the museum. While wandering the museum at night was a lovely experience in its own right, the only real thing of note that happened to me was toward the end of the night, when I and two other women were stationed in Mary’s room on the second floor of the house. We were completely alone in the building when we distinctly heard the front screen door move, and then the sound of someone quietly moving about downstairs. We honestly believed someone had come into the house, but no one answered our calls, and finally we tiptoed downstairs to see what we could find. No one was there, but we kept hearing a clicking noise in the vicinity of the organ in the Victorian parlor, as if someone were pressing down on the keys. Now Violet did play the organ for her church, so in my heart I kind of hope it was her we were hearing. Nothing else of significance happened during the investigation, but of course there is much audio still to be gone through, so hope springs eternal that perhaps Violet or one of the other spirits of Weems-Botts spoke to us. If not, it still was anything but a wasted trip, just for the wealth of historical information (and the divine red velvet cupcakes) we received from the knowledgeable and gracious staff. If you ever head to DC to check out its rich cultural offerings, make time to stop off at the Weems-Botts Museum in Dumfries. You might learn a thing or two, and if you’re very lucky, you might even run across one of the ghosts.
Nijo-jo was built within sight of the Imperial Palace in Kyoto, probably as a not-so-subtle reminder to the emperor of the Shogun’s power. There are two moats, splitting the castle into an inner and outer ring. Most Japanese castles have several defensive rings with moats and/or stone walls.
Before I begin this post, I'd just like to say a huge thank you to Cristina over at Let Them Have Polish for featuring my latest blog entry on her twitter and facebook. Many recent followers were directed to my blog because of her so thank you to YOU guys too! =) Welcome everybody, I hope you've enjoyed reading my current posts and hopefully my many posts to come. Do let me know if you have any suggestions or requests on any types of polishes or nail designs you'd like to see!
Quinoa is an amino acid-rich (protein) seed that has a fluffy, creamy, slightly crunchy texture and a somewhat nutty flavor when cooked. Most commonly considered a grain, quinoa is actually a relative of leafy green vegetables like spinach and Swiss chard. The leaves of the quinoa plant are edible, with a taste similar to its green-leafed relatives.
He, or she will compare your papers to a checklist they keep. (Be careful–these guards all seem to have slightly different checklists!) It doesn’t matter what the little variation might be…. Child out of wedlock, too many job changes, a tattoo in a noticeable location… There are countless numbers of little things the guards check for.
Here is a screenshot of Dan’s calculator showing that mortgage write downs would cost taxpayers $128 billion.
8. How strong emotionally do you think you are?
I'd love to see you!
Computers and cell phones now have a life time of less than two years, meaning that 400 million electronic units were thrown out in 2010, and these numbers will only increase as the development of new technologies does as well. This means continuing to flood landfills with toxic elements that will not biodegrade. To make matters even worse most of this eWaste is exported to developing nations where they do not have the garbage disposal infrastructures to be able to handle this kind of toxic waste. These regions often do not have regulations or high working standards, which makes it cheaper for industrialized nations to dispose of their electronic waste in this way. Oftentimes this results in plastics being burned, which releases toxins into the atmosphere, as well as large volumes left in landfills, which allows heavy metals to contaminate the area and harm many different kinds of life.
In fact, looking over the Latin, it’s quite clear that the former translation didn't even attempt to be literal. So the question clearly isn't "is it a better translation," if "better" is defined in terms of accuracy vis-à-vis the Latin. The question is "is a more accurate translation desirable?" For many that question will seem like a no-brainer. Of course we want to stay as close to the Latin as possible. And yet, I think it's valuable to use these changes as an opportunity to examine the value of the Latin Mass and ultimately the nature of the Mass itself. I think that the conclusions might be startling.
curving
find. You might encounter
Now, when I read these and believed about what they really meant, it reframed my perception of Google. I have often disliked massive corporations, but perhaps it was time for reconsideration. Possibly they, were not the evil Big Brother committed to destroying my on the web company. Possibly, they had a genuine interest in advertising high quality data and satisfying their users.
When was the moment where things started to get going between band and photographer? You appear to get along fine now at least.
“Or what?” he sneered in response.
3. Finally, visualize a bright and brilliant Emerald Green Light emanating from your hands and being sent to your Heart Chakra. For those of you who have difficulty visualizing, take something emerald green in color (or any green, but a dark, rich, jewel-tone green is ideal) and place it on your hands, then resume holding your hands over your Heart Charka. Do this for at least thirty seconds, although three minutes would be so much better.
To my mind, the foreign mercenary story is just another of these unfounded rumors until we have evidence to the contrary.
Iván Meade - As a new business owner - Do you consider being young in the business an advantage or a disadvantage?
For me, remaining inspired requires being honest, growing personally, feeling passionately, and having adventures. It generally requires a deep and vibrant experience of music, poetry, sensuality, and/or love. It absolutely requires continually becoming the person I want to be, at risk of facing fears, disappointing people, and breaking with convention.
It still doesn't work because it fails to entice me to read on. You tell me it's funny, but there's not a drop of humor here to show me that's true. You tell me it's got twists and turns but you don't show me a single one.
One of the risks of surgery was less movement in the right side- She is making fists, feelings her toes, moving her own legs, WALKING.
vistas again to peace restored,
~ citrus peel and and pineapple mint
Had an in-person conversation with Patch Adams
“And once again I will answer the question: what is it needed for?
blogger STILL won't let me add or subtract urls to my blogroll! anyone else having this problem? things used to be so eay on blogspot, right? what happened? have i missed some prime directive? did i miss a dues payment? am i remiss? (or maybe i need to cut back on the caffeine! OK, i think that might be part of my problem right now...)
Add all other ingredients, stir well, and cook on low for several hours.
He admitted in text messages that he had sex with women that were outside of his marriage, including young women that were between eighteen and twenty. The wife turned off of the internet because of his addiction to pornography.
Here is the 4 page layout that I had been working on. I just finished it on Sunday, but had not had a chance to take pictures of it. This layout has been the layout from heck. It has 13 elves but not all 13 fit on the 4 pages.
Arsenal still hadn’t settled, but drew level all the same. Song won the ball in midfield and the ball was played forward via Walcott and Rosicky to Van Persie on the edge of the area, who turned inside and nudged it behind the QPR backline for Walcott. He curled his first effort onto the right post, but showed impressive calmness to turn the rebound home.
I'm completed thrilled to post this blog, for many, many reasons. I don't remember when I first had contact with Annie--I think it was after I read Operating Instructions (though I had been following her career since All New People). But what I do remember is, before I gave birth to my son, I had a miscarriage at three months and people were saying all sorts of ridiculous things to me, like "At least you didn't know the baby," or, "Why'd you have a kid at your age, anyway" I just felt I had to talk to her, and I called and left a message (or maybe I wrote a letter, I don't remember) and then immediately felt like an idiot, because who was I to intrude on her time? I went out to sulk and when I came back there was this ten minute, hilariously funny, incredibly warm message on my answering machine from Annie. It was the first time I laughed since the miscarriage.
GLENN CLOSE (THE WORLD ACCORDING TO GARP)
She is happy, sitting on her own and holding pictures of her forever family.
On May 6th, we made a visit to the Children’s Creativity Museum, a hands on multimedia arts and technology centre in San Francisco. Established in 1998, its mission is to nurture creativity, collaboration and communication to inspire new ideas and innovative solutions.
The beers I mentioned earlier are all canned only brews—no bottling from those guys—so as great as they are, they're off the table. What I need is four separate breweries that both bottle and can their beer—a domestic ale maker, an overseas ale producer, a domestic lager producer and and an import lager brewery—a beery tale told in four parts, if you will. Each beery scenario produces a variety of possible or shall I say, road bumps to each producer—time, temperature fluctuations and light exposure, so I' should be able to cover all the bases.
Celebrities with a Triangular face shape: Katie Holmes and Victoria Beckham.
Doug Worrall
purge
" I am Busy" did not make Macaroons fall from the sky....so another few days filled with the words mutterd as i walk past...." macaroon"
He could always argue that the 16 month old toddler he shot was making "sudden moves."
We already had all the supplies needed for this book (markers, watercolor, finger paint, crayons, etc.)... and chances are you do too!!! The target age range for this book was 3-5...but I found that it worked really well with the 2 year olds as well... We really liked that they had so many project ideas for the different kinds of media... it was very helpful!
Notes from Acts 1:
Stayed up later than I wanted to and slept on the couch with a child who wasn't ready for bed, because we always had fun and learned to respect each other.
aka: The Smurfs!
Hi everyone! Thanks to all of you who came to the soup swap. I had a great time, and I can't wait to try your soups.
I was pretty busy after she went to bed.
I’ve own hardbound copies of The Harvard Classics and after reading Matthew Pearl’s The Dante Club, I discovered The Divine Comedy Of Dante Alighieri in The Harvard Classics is not the translation translated by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1882), but the translation translated by Henry Francis Cary (1805-1814).
He also suggests that because linguistically we need a ‘subject’ (that is every sentence needs a grammatical subject – maybe one of the English language students could explain it until I get back; it’s very basic syntax) we invent nouns (things) from verbs (acts). We name the phenomenon ‘lightning’ (noun) because it lightens (verb). Scientists refer to force as a thing, but really it is an act, so Nietzsche argues that to say “Force moves, force causes” is repetitive nonsense.
*Clutches head*
UNDENIABLE DESIRE
Hearing the words “mid life” and “35″ in the same sentence, the crowd, myself included, laughed. Thirty five is nothing near mid life. Wait until she’s almost 40,50, whatever, like me. She has so much time. I’m sure that’s what everyone was thinking. It’s what I was thinking.
They fill you with the faults they had
But extended family, it could be you
Altogether, it is a nasty piece of black memecraft, exploiting different weakness in the human operating system to create a gaping cognitive disconnect: on one hand, territoriality and fear of the Other, and on the other the desire to not appear tribal, because being tribal is primitive and racist and not fit for modern democrazy, where we are all equal under the corporate codes. Hello, dissonance!
1. This is our year.
The reason for the timing is simple, as Tom Giles explains over on the BBC Editors blog. The key information behind the new allegations was only obtained in the last month. As for the argument the Sun appears to be making without actually setting it out, that the BBC should have delayed it until after the vote, if we ignore the risible claim that the corporation has deliberately set out to sabotage the English bid, isn't this exactly the time that such revelations should be made? It might not be exactly earth-shattering to learn that individuals within Fifa may well be corrupt, yet the very fact that those on the body which decides whom to award the tournament to have been alleged to have either taken back-handers or tried to sell tickets on the black market should cast into doubt their ability to make a decision based on the merits of the respective bids. Also of note is how the host country has to enact special legislation for the duration of the tournament, protecting the chosen sponsors, who also have to be given tax exempt status along with Fifa. Then again, seeing as Rupert Murdoch has in the past tried to avoid paying his fair share of tax in this country it's not surprising that his papers make nary a peep about such demands. The public, as the likes of the Sun would normally doubtless protest, have a right to know such details ahead of the decision being made, rather than after it.
I attached some Baker's twine to the back, added some foam tape to the back, and adhered it, using my two-way glue pen to attach the twine to the card base.
This morning on The Today Show they offered some money advice. This is always my favorite part of morning shows. They always have such great tips. Usually they are ones that I already know, but it is always great to be reminded.
Level 3: STR: +9, Increases your attack speed.
“But now that the hour’s over, we can all go back to fucking the planet in its behind without guilt,” he continued, as he switched on all the available lights, electrical equipments, the engines of his gas-guzzling hot rods and pushed his apartment heater to max temperature.
This video gives you an exclusive look at the song "War" from the upcoming "SATCHURATED" release. This is the FIRST 3D THEATRICAL CONCERT FILM release with brilliant 7.1 Dolby Surround Sound and will present the ultimate cinematic experience that you don't want to miss! This promotional clip is presented here in 2D.
First lets put them in context and go back in time to 1995. So come with me dear reader, here take my hand and let's do that swishy thing with your hands and make a sound effect noise.
I picked the pain
Of course, with NBC in the state they are currently in, it’s quite possible they have some big reality show they are developing on the DL ready to spring on their schedule when they announce it in a few weeks. NBC has many holes to fill, and I feel far less confident about what they’re likely to do than any other network. Should be interesting.
The nastiest thing about being a surgical nurse is not all the ick that emerges when patients are cracked open. It´s not the blood, the puke or the stuff that happens when people die. No, the nastiest thing is when you prep a patient for surgery and you have to clean their bellybutton. No nastier filth on the planet than the stuff that hides inside people´s bellybuttons.
24 Setsubun Bean Unit - Gujo Ondo (Wire Tapper Exclusive Edit)
Once upon a time there was an ad agency with two chief creative officers. They had two chiefs because it was a giant agency with giant global clients that proved to be too much for one person to handle.
Make tea.
I've tried joining gyms a few times over the years. But, no matter how enthusiastically I try to approach it, "going to the gym" quickly becomes a chore that I loathe and resent. I just can't get into step classes or aerobics or spinning or even treadmills and weights and machines.
When I have finished speaking certain detailed announcements will be made on behalf of the Lib Dems. Give these your closest attention.
About the card:
That would be enough to have tipped the balance for the Conservatives in four or five of the seven ridings, Graves said.
Potato : 1 large(Boiled and Smashed)
Every playroom deserves a little whimsical lovin'. It says to the cute kids, "Get your creative juices flowing and have some fun!" I do admit, I have some additional plans on adding some more color and art display for my clan, but for now, they have this great quote spread above their toy storage shelves:
Wow...so I just completed my first week back in Houston...so far...so good!!! My parents came up to Fort Worth last week to help me finish packing and loading up the Van and Uhaul. Friday, my best friend Charles came over to help and we got everything cleared out of the apt and cleaned up. As must as I was ready to move to Houston, it was still kind of sad leaving Fort Worth. I had been up there for 7 years, when I left for college. Basically, all of my adult life. I've had a lot of great memories, from TCU games, going out downtown, and just hanging out with great friends that I met over the years. But now I am back in Houston. Saturday was spent moving into the new place and getting set up somewhat. My parents stayed around till about 6 or so, then I went and had dinner with one of my friends, Vanessa (who i mentioned in an earlier post). After dinner, we met up with some more friends and went out and had some drinks!!! Charles and my other friend Kristin stayed the night instead of driving back to their side of town. Sunday morning, my original plan was to get up go to church, then stop by the rents house, however, when I woke up with a splitting headache, I basically laid around ALL day. It wasn't a hang over or anything since I only had beer, but I think it had to do with moving 2 days in a row in 100 degree heat and probably being a little dehydrated and tired. Oh well...I wasn't starting work till Tuesday, so I was able to go out to the parents house on Monday, eat at one of my favorite Chinese restaurants for lunch and hang out for a bit.
I am almost at the point where I have concluded that democracy doesn't work, at least not in its present form. Critics of democracy point out that it carries the seeds of its own destruction, and perhaps that is an accurate observation. Democracy is the rule of the mob, and mobs are extremist and psychotic. The French peasants who stormed the Bastille were such a mob. Instead of celebrating July 14th as Bastille Day, it should be a day of national mourning in France. It was a day when madness replaced civilization.
His gift is still up in the air - thinking of getting him Yankee's tickets .. since he's a die hard fan! - only problem is that were "use" to 2nd row off the field, right at the 3rd base, at the old stadium - now at the new stadium the tickets are CRAZY $$$ (and we seem to have lost our 'connection' to the seats) .. we both have yet to make a game at the new stadium, not like i'm holding my breathe to go (ummm i hate baseball), but i know he'd enjoy going! ... or thinking maybe Devils vs Rangers tickets for next week's game?? ... or things for his boat??? ... or maybe just stuff for his softballs games??? (new bat, new pants, things like that) ... i'll let him decide
sad or happy circumstances always chant and remember that
Now as is the case with most things it seems that pens have changed over the years (why wouldn't they ?) and they are thinner than I remember, at least the ones I have chosen to use, or maybe it's my fingers that have got bigger ? either way gripping the pens is problematic at times, I have had operations on my hands which has dulled the senses in my finger tips some what, this doesn't help.
If none of these images work for you, the best recourse I can offer off the top of my head is the Victorian Web an online amalgam of information. Or just googling images of "victorian parlours," or bedrooms, drawing rooms, and so forth. "national trust house interior" also had some good results, though not all of them are Victorian.
I have an awful lot I could say about that. I may bring some puppets.
Spanking is not a cure, and should not be the first resort, but I don't think it should automatically be taken off the table when dealing with small kids.
The this afternoon I went into my room (which is the room closest to her yard) and opened my blinds to see them putting up this “fence” on their side of the chainlink. Really? Then Brenna came in and said the lady told her they were putting the fence up so Jack wouldn’t see her dogs and cry more. WTF is her problem? She has absolutely no empathy for a toddler. My faith in the world is dropping.
As for the Sunday Times today, the kind of time starvation mentioned above - plus of course the arrival of online versions of the Sundays – has bitten deep into its raison d’etre. How many times have we all looked at a pile of unread sections the following Tuesday?
The story that Jesus tells here is a common one, even in Jesus’ time. It wasn’t unusual to think that fortunes might be reversed in a future life. What was unusual in Jesus’ story is that the rich man wasn’t allowed to go back and warn others. Then, he wasn’t even allowed to send Lazarus back to warn his loved ones. In this story, the rich man is like the older brother in chapter 15, who would like to keep the poor and the sinners outside, unseen, ignored. But Jesus is inviting them in. Jesus takes the standard idea that the poor and broken will be blessed in the distant future and brings that time into the present and makes it the responsibility of all of those who would be his followers.
We shall be sister blogs, always sharing the little adventures we are constantly having with each other.
Received a VeryNiceAward
He will not abandon His heritage. . . (I really am NOT alone)
See ya there :)
I've been remarkably busy doing what seems to be not much, but it has been a very enjoyable break. Christmas was delightful, I spent Christmas Eve with my big sister at her house, Christmas Day with my family, and Boxing Day with Levi's family (who were kind enough to pick me up from the train halfway, which meant I could still spend the morning with my aunty & co who were over from interstate rather than taking a different train the whole two hours at 9am, so props to them) and then a nice break between Christmas and New Years with Mum and Dad. I even had a friend's 21st on New Years' Eve, which was amazingly fun, I've known her since pre-primary (so about fifteen years!) and I don't see her nearly enough any more.
Since 1924, the merry magic of Macy’s has been on display for generations to enjoy and cherish. Started by a small group of dedicated employees who gathered to celebrate freedom and give thanks with band instruments and clown makeup, the Parade to this day is the greatest volunteer effort Macy’s gives to the nation. From clowns to balloon handlers and a slew of behind-the-scenes jobs, the Macy’s Parade is a labor of love for all those who continue to gather on Thanksgiving Day. While every job is important, no one position can quite compare to that of executive producer.
So, how did I end up with pumpkin puke walls? By throwing caution to the wind and choosing my paint colors at the store.
A couple of years ago, I stood in my doorway and watched a summer rain. And then I lost my mind and took off my watch and changed from my semi-nice sandals into my rubbery flip flops and went out side in the rain. Oh sure, I realize that people driving by probably thought I had a couple of screws loose, but I lived near the Rails to Trails, so I just started walking. And smiling. It was really raining. I didn’t hear any thunder, so I thought my chances of getting struck by lightning were slim, so I walked on the trail, and since there were no other crazy people out there beside myself, I was able to giggle a bit at my spontaneous moment.
color: liver/white
I climbed the ladder and held a 5-gallon bucket under the swarm, praying the weight of them landing (about 7 lbs) in the bucket wouldn’t tip my ladder. My neighbor-helper meanwhile used his pole-saw to reach up and cut the branch just past the swarm. It couldn’t have been more perfect! The swarm landed with a thud in my bucket, and I quickly snapped a lid on top and climbed down from the ladder. Once I got them into the garage, I replaced the sealed lid with a ventilated screen I found. Here they are, patiently waiting on S to get home:
Playing 'Games' by David MacGowan
As I write this, it is 6:00am and Finn is playing with a rubber duckie in his swing. I am here, my stinging eyes half open waiting for the coffee.
18. Frogs (because they hop apparently)
______________________________
Laughs Ray in wild hysterics.
Sheets, blankets and towels, but towels especially
As per the Kreativ Blogger Award rules I must:
Granted Wednesday is Photo day on this blog, but I wanted to share this photo and I have nothing else finished to that I can post today. Enjoy!
You have loosed your lips for evil, *
"I thought you would have some partial paralysis in your face after surgery."
If you look closely an SDHC card you'll notice aside the brand logo and the capacity a number inside a circle, this numer is the speed class.
*Because my brisket was 5 1/2 lbs, I increased the sauce recipe by 1-1/2.
That (sometimes) dreaded phrase, write what you know, can be taken in more ways than one. (And, there's something being left out of the equation. )
Today, official customer watchdog Consumer Focus is calling on the Government to order a Competition Commission inquiry into the failure to pass on lower wholesale costs.
Fresh ground black pepper, salt
I looked into it a bit, and found out how to check my rank.
“So I tell you, don’t worry about everyday life — whether you have enough food, drink, and clothes. Doesn’t life consist of more than food and clothing? Look at the birds. They don’t need to plant or harvest or put food in barns because your heavenly Father feeds them. And you are far more valuable to him than they are. Can all your worries add a single moment to your life? Of course not. And why worry about your clothes? Look at the lilies and how they grow. They don’t work or make their clothing, yet Solomon in all his glory was not dressed as beautifully as they are. And if God cares so wonderfully for flowers that are here today and gone tomorrow, won’t he more surely care for you? You have so little faith! So don’t worry about having enough food or drink or clothing. Why be like the pagans who are so deeply concerned about these things? Your heavenly Father already knows all your needs, and he will give you all you need from day-to-day if you live for him and make the Kingdom of God your primary concern. So don’t worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will bring its own worries. Today’s trouble is enough for today.” (Matthew 6:25-34)
The piece Flora did around my haiku was a small spiders web, in a frame with the poem sand blasted on through a stencil.
Now usually I would never thumbnail from a trailer because normally trailers aren't continuity....they're snippets from all over the film, not meant to work in context with each other. But this is different...this trailer is built like a piece of film and all the scenes are in continuity. First off, I have to say that it's done in a really over-dramatic style. It's super pushed, doing things I consider over-the-top....like, for example, the push in on the villain at 0:38 where he goes into slow motion (pretty cheesy!) and the moment where he draws his sword at 2:09 and then kisses it. At least I think he kissed it. His lips seemed to pucker a tiny bit. Anyway, again, pretty cheesy...but hey, that's just my opinion. I like it when people push the boundaries and go over-the-top, it helps you figure out where your own personal tastes lay, and makes you realize what you think is too much. Other than that, I really like the dynamic staging of this piece and I got a lot out of thumbnailing it.
Out of all of the options, I think I like the sheer floral pants from Forever 21. A great buy at only $25 and they are different from the floral pieces I have seen lately. Which is yours?
Sadly he tried to prepare himself for the inevitable and then a flash of inspiration entered his mind. He could disappear; he had the ability to leave this place and avoid being shot, but he still would face an unknown fate that could also be fatal. They seemed to have all the time they needed to find and assassinate him, while he had five minutes or less to escape them.
"We are smart enough not to buy into the oldest myth running- love. A fashion created to keep people from jumping from windows."
mind chart is contained within reality
I hope you guys will have a nice weekend.
But Jewry has now met its match. Its nemesis, Vladimir Putin, is warning the Jewish led-by-the-nose US and NATO that they will not be allowed to repeat their feat in Libya of overthrowing Muammar Gadhafi by ousting Syria’s president Bashar al-Assad.
DESK FOUR: Sign in while crying.
From the sketch you can see that I used brads as an accent. While making my actual card an idea popped into my head that I should try using the Beautiful Wings embosslit so I used the little butterflies instead of brads. I added some sparkle to my butterflies and to the dots on the olive circle because I just can't make a card without adding some sort of sparkle or shimmer. The ribbon was layered because I didn't like the look of either of these alone. Don't you like the layered ribbon better?
God is eternal (Deuteronomy 33:27.) He always has been and always will be. Before the heavens and the earth were created, God lived in His abode with myriads of angels. There were angels of many different ranks and responsibilities. They were created beings and servants of the Most High God,
Curiosity is probably going to kill this cat and I have Googled the hell out of the ‘mysteries’ over the years to find out what the secrets of the so-called oathbound mystery traditions are. This feels like an odd thing to confess to. But the crux of the matter is this: does someone need to press me on the chest, wave their magic wand and pass their power on to me? Hell no. I think I’ll keep dabbling in my own craft which is more and more starting to resemble rainbow unicorn vomit. At this stage, I’m okay with that. But in the future this may be another story.
there is nothing wild
Kunt has sacked me
Mushroom
Just because someone has autism doesn’t mean they can’t hear, so be sensitive to what you say as you would with any other child. Also be sensitive to their interpretation of words. Often words are interpreted literally and these kids don’t have the ‘sarcasm meter’ we take for granted
I’m not sure about other cats, but Leia is so fussy when it comes to grooming! She plays with the brush and only sits a few seconds to be groomed. As well as this, she lays down on one side to play; so mainly only one side gets groomed!
Today we will look at the WINTER. She has been described as "Shimmering ice with warm friendly fires. Elegance, poise and drama, independence, quietness with a touch of shyness."
I saw "Girl with the Dragon Tattoo" on Friday night with my friend Julie.. It was soo good!! I hadn't read any of the books but I'm definitely going to do so now.
How does your denomination foster local church cooperation? How effective is this approach? Did your denomination adopt this approach because "that's the way we've always done it"? Or because it is the most effective approach?
I was the bridegroom, taking the world into my arms.
Dinner is ready
(All made from recipes in Mom's memory.)
MOVIE OR MINI-SERIES
We’re asking you to contact your U.S. Representative and ask him or her to join the House Small Brewers Caucus. What is the House Small Brewers Caucus?
With all due respect to the lovely Julia, apparently we must all suspend disbelief and buy into the fantasy (as we cannot hand over our wallets fast enough) that Teint Miracle really does perform miracles, like turn the clock back 22 years and make Julia a Pretty Woman again.
I kept the original brass hardware, but it needed some polishing. I tried Brasso at first, but it kept drying up before it could really take effect. A quick search online suggested salt and vinegar as one of many 'green' alternatives to brass polish. I remembered using salt and vinegar to polish copper pennies when I was young, so I decided to give it a try. It worked really well, partly because I could let the hardware fully soak in the liquid for a while.
Generous? Everything.
"This is a seven, class. What is this?"
Which brings me onto the next topic: Look how you feel. I’m completely guilty of trudging into school in sweatpants and a baseball cap. Which is why I am super excited to announce that I have enlisted the help of fellow blogger Wear Fierce Paint to help me out in the beauty department. (Yes, I do secretly watch Joan Rivers’ Fashion Police but don’t tell anyone. I have a reputation to uphold here!) We all deserve to look as beautiful on the outside as we feel on the inside. In my next post I plan to have the lovely Jess give me a bit of a makeover. I’ll put up a before and after picture.
A while ago, I lucked into someone GIVING me two of these window frames. Actually, the dude was sneaking them outta his basement since his Mrs. thought she should hoard 30 of these bad boys. And I'm still not entirely sure whether I had a choice in taking them as they were in my truck before I knew it!
They have a three-game lead and have by far looked like the most complete team in the division. I still think it’s going to be Cincinnati at the end, but the more I see Milwaukee and Pittsburgh play, the less impressed I’ve been. Ryan Braun just went 0-12 with a ton of strikeouts in three games against the Dodgers. But one guy who IS having success if Carlos Beltran in St. Louis. He has five more home runs than Albert Pujols in L.A. Oh, and Beltran has five homers total. Sooo…do the math.
Now, as the youth begins a 14-year jail sentence for attempted murder, Mrs Mackay has criticised government fostering policies for putting her at risk.
Oakley had his first day of playschool last Wednesday. I was a little nervous, seeing my little boy going off on his own ( if he could have pushed me out of the door, he would have.. good bye mom, good bye mom, when are you going mom!!). He loved it, and I love it, its two hours once a week, and Lacey is hopefully putting Will in as well, so the two of us can have some time with our little ones and actually visit!!
** run a marathon **
Recipes for buttercream usually call for "softened" butter, or "butter at room temperature". More recently, I've noticed that recipes are getting more specific and list "butter, at cool room temperature" or "butter, softened but still cool". Confused yet?
children's books from the participating authors
Where had her birth record gone?!
155 – Olivier Aubin-Mercier (1-0) submits Guy Poulin (1-1) via rear-naked choke at 0:58 of Round 1.
What guts?
He took them one by one and we
There was the newly immigrant family who are receiving an incredibly high amount in housing benefit for a spacious, extremely habitable looking flat in Islington. This panders to the prejudice we hear time and time again of immigrants jumping to the front of the housing queue and living in expensive properties.
November 6, 2011. Postscript: Just read Sarah Watt, 53, has lost her battle with cancer. A sad, sad, loss.
2. I do unto myself as I would have myself do unto me.
Just back from two days in Brugge, Belgium, a very sweet medieval town that is just an hour by train from Brussels. It's the season for the Christmas market so it was quite festive with twinkling lights, stalls selling hot wine, and an ice skating rink set up in the market square. We did nothing of redeeming social importance (i.e., no churches, historical monuments, or art museums) but did manage a visit to the chocolate museum. Otherwise, we spent our time wandering the streets and canals and eating a prodigious amount of street food, the main themes being pork, potatoes, and fat. We did not eat any waffles although there were plenty to be had.
Emo boy quickly made it his own and named his plane "iLRAYo"
Above obiter dictum seems to suggest that disclosing the identity of business user who infringes upon somebodies rights is always alright. Disclosing the identity of non-business infringers (or ordering measures making it easier) was left unanswered. The Court of Justice only pointed out the need for the fair balance. Huťko believes that Bonnier Audio C-461/10 may shed some more light on this, so important issue. See e.g. current opinion of the Polish Supreme Court in its new case IV CSK 665/10 (the case was reported by Tomasz Rychlicki here).
‘virile, precise and absolutely certain’
4) Just because an agent asks for more material doesn’t mean they’re about to sign you.
The Quiet Man
Isaiah 58: 6-12 has become my life verse, because it is my life story.
This is really too hard. I think some of the most moving myths are those which deal head on with our own mortality. Orpheus in the underworld, trying to rescue his dead wife Eurydice. Achilles in Hades telling Odysseus ‘do not try to console me for dying. I would rather be a peasant and follow my master’s plough than be king over all the perished dead.’ And Baldur from the Norse myths, who cannot be brought back to life even though all the world wept for him (save Loki).
The Fanat in the Hat said,
Satellite Dish
I know that these cookies are in no way Canada vacations related or April’s fool related. I’ll do a post about my trip and all the food I ate soon I guess … Those cookies are really good !!! Yeah I have a thing for the combo banana, chocolate, oatmeal … I guess you got it right ? Hope you will give it a try !!
On which a profusion of precious stones did bewray…
Now for the cards. All made..with exception of the base card.....from scraps from my bit box.
4 eggs beaten well
Almond pie is just what carnival calls for - fatty, sweet and sensual. There's an obscene amount of butter and almonds in this cake, so it's not only going to make you run that extra mile the next time you work out, it's also going to leave its mark in your budget - you can make three "normal" cakes for the price of this one.
The water lapped against the side of the boat as I came to the dock on the island. It was quiet this morning. Fishing season was over, and it was still early. The only one stirring was me, and perhaps the lone seabird that flew overhead. I tied the boat to the dock, picked up the box and leapt onto the dock. My girl scout days were long over, but it would hold. Probably.
I find that when I piece things I cut with the rotary cutter, I use a scant 1/4" seam, but with the GO! I have to use a true 1/4" seam to get the shapes for fit together well.
I registered for a community care group geared specifically toward women. The initial gathering of all who registered was last night. Since registering, I prayed that God would hand-pick the women with whom I would be joined.
This card will be entered in the following challenges:
I’ve always thought it was cool the way health professionals can tell things about you just by feeling you up… it’s almost like a really creepy form of fortune-telling.
Jason D. Cayne, 32, Morganville, N.J.
To know you're never really far
I used phone book pages as my foundations and covered squares of the phone book paper with my red strings – pushing the red colorway from orangey red to pinky red and everywhere in between including burgundy. Throw it all in there!
I both chuckled and cringed when I read that. I laughed because it seems ridiculous to hide from a sovereign God in a pile of suitcases. I cringed because I have tried to hide among the baggage too. More times than I would like to admit. I have hidden behind my past, or my inability, or my fear of failure, or any other number of excuses - ducking out on callings I know God has issued to me.
Chicken sunday dinner at mum’s house.
when our sharp weapons of torture mutilate your divine body.
The quote at the top shows what's most important: love. Every child is important. God cares for them and will provide whatever they need, in His time.
And finally two strategies that are a little less orthodox – and again, not for the library!
The Israeli government’s policy of connecting settlements to already scarce water supplies and restricting Palestinian movement and access in Occupied Territory, including establishing a secondary road system to separate Palestinian and Israeli traffic makes matters worse.
If open innovation hasn't reached you yet, there's a good chance that it soon will. And when it does, be sure to keep an open mind when you assess its benefits".
So I busted out my new bright denim pants and wore it by an outfit inspired by this post. I can't tell you enough how much I love these pants and want to wear them all the time, however, bright aqua pants are pretty obvious and people will notice if I wear them twice a week. LOL. I'm still on the hunt for some hot pink ones, they'll be fabulous for summer!
Not only do our products begin their life from recycled paper but also our five large paper machines are fuelled by clean natural gas. In line with this, we invite you to move ahead with us.
I have, however, been in Sane. They don’t have an airport; you have to be driven there. I have made several trips there, thanks to my friends, family and work. I live close so it’s a short drive.
“’24 hours a day Monday-Sunday we are here for the survivors. We have to let them know we care. Our work is life, and our life is our work’ – Mariana, NFS Romania Director. Here we are lunch discussing the challenges of working in the field, but moments like these give me hope.” (April 5, 2011)
It is exceedingly hard to track down information about the authors and illustrator of these books, but you can read a little more about the series of Ameliaranne books on Jane Moxey's lovely blog Moxey's Musings here and find a list of all the Ameliaranne titles (which were written by a variety of authors but always illustrated by Susan Beatrice Pearse) on a Fairacre Wikia page here.
any such detail, his voice ragged and
I did pop into Matalan for the 2nd time everand came away with GIANT pants (3 for £6) and a pretty bra for £7. Distinct lack of charity shop goodies this week, I'm getting withdrawl symptoms!
I tried to smile for her
Don't forget to vote for Torchwood: Children of Earth on our online polls (see above).
First, though, we will need to look at some statistics. This won’t be anything deep or complicated, but it is essential to this discussion.
Here's a look at the jacket open (I untucked the sweater underneath once I got to work):
We were given a quick tour of the kitchen to meet the chef and see the brigade in action before being served the Quail Armagnac (an intense game consommé), intended as the prelude to sweets. We were then offered an extra course of either cheese or main, and we choose to stay on savoury as we still had some of the light spicy Dominio de Tares, Bem di Bre 2005 the sommelier poured for our meat course.
These "bubbles" are gigantic. I really wanted them to be playful looking for the kids. The florescent lighting is really harsh so the walls didn't photograph well, but you get the picture.
The host family would provide a place to eat and sleep for 10 days from Thursday, May 3rd pick-up between 6:30-7:30pm to Sunday, May 13th, drop-off after 6:30pm (pick -up and drop off at 37 Donora Dr. – can figure out alternative if they do not have a car).
The pink blooms I again made from recycled dryer sheets. Again, super easy to do....just put a few drops of alcohol ink (I used Time Holtz Pink Sherbert for these blooms) or some food coloring in a small cup of water. Dunk your used dryer sheets in the mixture and just blot off on a paper towel..
EPISODE 155
And again, it's FREE today (1 May 2012).
images its words created. A new, different place. Something so far apart from my/the ordinary world. Somewhere to escape to. Somewhere that filled me with wonder. Somewhere that was mine and mine alone. To me, that's freedom, and is what makes MG so special. Yes, there are emotions, high and lows, in MG, but none of the YA angst. The MG books I love to read, and try to write, still
A howling wind blows the litter as the rain flows,
For those of you have have been long-time readers, my love of daffodils may come as no surprise. Even with my brown thumb, my newlywed optimism compelled me to plant daffodil bulbs, along with tulips, in a small window-box style planter below our picture window. They are blissfully low maintenance, but just the same, I always worry when I see the little green shoots pushing through the snow. Will it get below freezing? What if it gets warm and cold and warm and cold and warm and cold? My logical mind somehow doubts that such a delicate-looking plant could survive those extremes.
And now to the wonderful recipients of this award. I would like to bestow this to:
PS And check out the comments for an exciting giveaway from Frances Lincoln.
Governments insist repeatedly that these kinds of subsidies are good economics.
Hi everyone! Daniella here from Dress, Design & Decor and so happy to be sharing a few of my favourite things from home today. I have yet to decorate (decisions, decisions...) but I'm a huge fan of crisp, clean white so it's quite suiting for now!
CHiMPS’s compiler analyses automatically generate the caches from C source. The solution allows scientific programmers to retain their familiar programming environment and memory model, and at the same time provides performance that is on average 7.8x greater and power that is one fourth that of a CPU executing the same source code. The CHiMPS work has been published in the International Symposium on Computer Architecture (ISCA, 2009), the International Conference on Field Programmable Logic and Applications (FPL, 2008), and High-Performance Reconfigurable Computing Technology and Applications (HPRCTA, 2008), where it received the Best Paper Award.
Today I went for my run and then headed up to the church to help with the prayer room. The run was good but I slept like crap so it was slow and hard. I kept it just under five miles to be sweet to my tired body.
Pancho, Pippin, Habib, Genevieve, Lampshade, and You Think of Something are some of my favorite people. We gather on occasion for dinner parties where we mostly talk about work. You see, we are all members of the teaching profession in various neighboring communities. So no matter how hard we try, we tend to revert back to our area of common interest.
In the end, the SNP decided that Glaswegians such as me were not good enough as outsiders were seen as more preferable.
Seraphina is unique, both the book and the character, I have never read a fantasy quite like this. Gone are the long arduous quests. Gone are page after page of padding that could be summed up nicely with “We walked, and walked, and walked and just for a little change of pace… We walked some more.” This is a fantasy of intrigue. Very much a murder mystery if you will. This is a tale of knights and dragons. But not as you’d expect.
When it comes to my tea ware, I do like to pride myself on a penchant for all things vintage – after all, when a girl needs a bit of authentic retro pampering, a vintage tea cup is just the ticket from which to sip your glorious leaf tea - but my dears, can I trust you to keep a secret? Well, here is the thing now, I confess that my eye has been turned by the brand new Maxwell Williams Cashmere Aviary collection.
Inflation seems to be getting worse because of our laid back attitude. We’re taking little action because we can’t seem to acknowledge how bad it is. Here’s a quote from Channel NewsAsia:
ROCK OF AGES is directed by Tony Award Nominee Kristin Hanggi (Bare, Pussycat Dolls on the Sunset Strip) and choreographed by Kelly Devine (Jersey Boys – Associate Choreographer). With a book by Chris D’Arienzo (writer and director of the film Barry Munday), original arrangements by David Gibbs (Counting Crows, Film: That Thing You Do) and the Music Supervision, Arrangements & Orchestrations by Ethan Popp (Tarzan; Europe: We Will Rock You, Mamma Mia).
Pot: Home Goods
Recently I took a workshop in a variety of styles of dancing, and one of the styles was burlesque. This at the time was for me somehow surprising but afterwards not so, I obviously had been concentrating on only one facet of the workshop ignoring the rest. I really did not feel sexy when we started off, my advice here is; dress to kill. Whether this is your sexy little black number, your jeans with that fabulous sparkly top or your retro tea dress with a flower in your hair but don’t wear your track pants and tee without on ounce of make-up.
“You can do it. Believe. There’s no such word as Can’t.”
Week 2 of training has gone well. My "challenge" run this week was an interval run. I started with a 1 mile warmup, then I moved on to 1 mile at 8:30 min/mile, followed by 1/2 mile jog, then repeat. I finished it up with a 1 mile jog at the end to cool down. I have to say, I was a bit nervous about this one! I am only slowly starting to realize that I am physically capable of running faster than a 10 minute mile. It's super fun actually! It really has invigorated me. I was getting to a point where my runs/workouts weren't stress relieving anymore, but when I push myself and reach new heights, I love the way that feels! So all in all, I am really enjoying this! I have a 6 mile run this weekend which will most likely occur before 7 AM tomorrow. It's going to be a hot one again!
Discard any stone and bad beans before soaking. After soaking rinse the bean with several changes of water. Place the bean into deep pot, covered with water and boil until soft using medium heat. If the water dried up before the bean turns soft, add more water.
And here is my version of this challenge
Being content doesn’t mean… you should stop having hopes, dreams and vision for your life. Being content doesn’t mean you lack passion or desire to see things change for the better.
So I walked into the Verizon store to return the TV set top box and gave my name, account number and a brief of the 6 weeks and 4 house calls it took to solve my intermittent TV reception problem, and the young man lounging at the computer said:
Concerns relating to the confidentiality of the data have been addressed by the EU Commission and Rand: the data and identity of each participating company will be anonymized, stored on Rand's network, and inaccessible to third parties, such as the EU Commission and its services.
And then:
As for those of us who make every day “Jazz Day,” April 30 enshrines a beautiful irony: music once considered cacophonous and “savage” is recognized at an international level as “…a force for positive social transformation throughout its history.” That’s not just coming a long way, that’s a cultural theophany. No wonder it gets a holiday!
So where do we go to from here, perhaps a piece of adult education and training is necessary to encourage the big people to get involved in the excavation projects and help in safeguarding our history and culture from the economics. Perhaps we should start our own research community of practitioners and publish our own stories about our ancestors’ glory and our past. I personally would love to work with like-minded Africans in the building of our stories, tales of long ago and far away but with guidance for living as a positive African in the world today. I know I will write more about the Old Road story. If you are interested in seeing the list of the 312 Africans then email me at sknmatters@mail.com for a copy. Blessed Love.
Sometimes the effort of wrangling cats and sick family means dinner from a box. Surely nothing to do with getting home at midnight last night after having one very potent glass of wine and talking about consciousness, psychology and TV shows for 5 hours.
Why “transmedia”?
What that? You seen this before, so where am I going with all this back slapping? Glad you asked.
Most of the home is located underground, featuring an earthen roof that perfectly emulates the hills around it, with the glass front facing the bay (the only hint that there’s a home hidden somewhere below). Like a Hobbit hole of contemporary experimental architecture, the Malator was designed and built in 1998 by avant-garde architectural firm Future Systems, now known as Amanda Levete Architects after a company split in 2008.
No one wants to laugh at a disability. That’s ghetto. But I had a kid in a wheelchair behave in a very rude fashion to me, and it made me wonder if they don’t want to laugh about it every once in a while.
Lisa and James- We wish you a lifetime of smiles and happiness (no doubt you will have just that!)
What does it look like? Is your face relaxed and are your eyes calm and serene? Perhaps there’s even a twinkle in those eyes that suggests a wicked sense of humour. Your skin glows with great health and your body, no matter whatever shape or colour or size, is perfect as it is. You can feel that and nobody can take that sense of perfection away from you.
It was all a prosecutorial fantasy; none of it was true. Yet Anderson pounded his fists into his hands and wept to the jury as he described Morton’s perversity. Compared with this vivid picture of the crime, Morton’s defense didn’t have a lot to offer.
DP's from MME, paper flowers from Prima, cardstock, dies, twine and buttons from PTI, paper heart from Martha Stewart and misc. ricrac.
Adaptive.
Earlier this spring, I discovered mock smock and I've been whipping up sun dresses galore ever since. Mock Smock material comes pre-smocked for super simple, but absolutely adorable, dress-making. Even beginning sewers will be able to easily make these super cute frocks!
“prestigious” university–”You are not
Yukatsu: Great. It tells why you’re holding the 4th highest score in our grade.
“All right,” he agreed meekly. “But don’t you want to look at the pictures yourself? They are still on my phone and there might be someone you know there.”
W-Water-How much do you drink a day? About 80oz on good days
Later in the morning, we grieved as the woman next door gave birth to a stillborn baby...we hugged our girl even harder and prayed for that family and the hospital staff. To sit there with our joy while someone else was in such pain was horrific, to say the least. I think of that Mom often....I don't even know her name, but I still think of her. She had 3 children at home....each of them excited about the new baby their Mommy was having. She had to walk out of the hospital with her arms empty....even now my throat tightens and I ache for her....and I hold my Kiki a little bit tighter and am so thankful for the blessing she is to us.
Pulling the dicks of greedy, fuckin' bankers.
8. Lady Madonna — This is a great example of Paul borrowing from other genres. He took sounds that were…well…something else…jazzy perhaps…and made them rock and roll. He also made a hard driving song with mass appeal and interesting lyrics. This is one of my favorite Beatles songs from a guitar standpoint.
What does all that title mean? Read on!
Still in the middle of writing my Kita report which I will post soon
UMNO or Perkasa (a Malay-rights NGO) do not have to be apprehensive of the Opposition and go on duping the people into thinking that without UMNO the MRI in the country will be destroyed.
Also, don’t do anything you wouldn’t want others to do unto you. Remember that, girly. No scaring others or threatening them or embarrassing them. That’s NOT cool.
You see, to some people it may just be a crib. But to me, to me it's the end of a chapter. Kind of like a chapter in a book that is so good, interesting and comforting that you just don't want it to end. One that you will remember, but can not relive. Sure there are more chapters to write, but this is one I will always cherish. The memories of my babies all snuggled up with their "blankies", "snuggles", and toys.
DH: Yes.
I don’t really know that much about Shuppet otherwise; I’ve never owned one nor encountered one in the wild…
Messages of bravado and machismo — such things have always been for Republicans exclusively! Most especially since the Vietnam War years, after which Democrats were portrayed as weak-kneed surrender monkeys, a lovely little piece of framing that the GOP successfully attached to the left for a generation. Every election we hear the same stories repeating that line, too: Democrats will get you killed. Democrats can’t be trusted to keep the nation safe. Only Republicans know how to do that. Only Republicans are muscular enough to have the support of the military. Only Republicans have a big enough dick. Look, here are the pictures to prove it.
Keith James Burns, 39, East Rutherford, N.J.
The winners are foreign nations (like India and China) who can influence Canada's domestic affairs to suit their interests through their Canadian colonies Ottawa so stupidly imported, nurtured, and grew.
What is Pay It Forward 2012? I got this fun activity from one of my FB friend, Saskia. It’s about giving away 5 handcrafted pieces to 5 persons who left comment on your status. Then, those 5 person have to post it on their status, and give away another 5 handcrafted pieces, etc, etc, etc. Isn’t it fun?
For yes, it is she
Did you enter the Flourishes Blog Hop by commenting either here on my blog, or on the CopicOz Blog, or Mandi's or even on the Copic Marker Australia Facebook Page?? If you did, then I'm sure you will be dying to know who won one of these gorgeous Flourishes stamps!!!!
This weekend there was a conference in Bristol all about Diana Wynne Jones. Not like the fanfests that are Harry Potter or Terry Pratchett conventions but but a proper academic conference dedicated to the work of one writer, which is a rare honour - especially in the children's book world. Sadly, in the end Diana herself was not well enough to attend, which must have been a disappointment for her as well as all those delegates and speakers gathered together.
Now Blair says that the 2004 Hunting with Dogs Act was a mistake. Now on his Journey he says of fox hunters “I started to realise that this wasn’t a small clique of weirdo inbreds delighting in cruelty, but a tradition, deeply imbedded by history and profound community and social liens, that was integral to a way of life.”
Of course I have more stories and need more advice but I don’t want to bombard you with the first post.
Second-quarter professional-level hiring is anticipated to be strongest in the transportation sector, where a net 9 percent of respondents said they expect to make staff additions. This was followed by a net 6 percent of executives in the manufacturing field who indicated they will hire during the upcoming quarter.
Local residents took to Facebook to vent their frustration at the situation with many residents looking for the camp to be removed and calling for a permanent solution to the issue.
Ask an NHL player about the spate of ill will and he’ll tell you some variant of ‘it’s the playoffs.’ As Crosby told reporters after a particularly malevolent day in Philly: ‘A lot of things happen out there from both sides. Everyone is guilty of it. Nobody is blaming anyone here. It’s heated out there and that’s what the playoffs are like.’
I am a minister of reconciliation, a preacher of The Good News about Christ Jesus. My feet are shod today with this Good News and my lips burst forth with it! As I share it, men and women are turned from sin to righteousness, from sickness to health and from poverty to prosperity, in the Name of Jesus Christ! Amen!
Hey - is any one else confused about this new blogger interface - I can't figure it out!
Sweet dreams all!
Some people seem to think that Seeds of Death is not as good as Ice Warriors. Personally, I never compare complete stories to incomplete stories. I found the Ice Warriors rather boring, but then the missing episode probably did not help.
“In the midst of destruction, natural disasters, corruption, and a collapsing economy, AZIATIX reminds us that there is always hope and light even in the darkest of days.”
I know I just talked about the Trayvon Martin murder yesterday, but I think that this topic warrants a continued discussion. About two months ago, I had written a length post about racial relations in this country, and the stagnation in the civil rights movement. I had written his, but then lost the text, and could not remember exactly what I wrote, and have not yet re-written it.
I think there's something weird and wrong about laying a wager on one's own misfortune.
Thursday: I am having a real style crush on (fictional character) Lemon Breeland's wardrobe from the show Hart of Dixie, and I have noticed that over the last few months my wardrobe has incorporated more and more feminine retro touches that mirror her costumes. Any one else do this?
Were I you, dainty miss,
‘You who have lost the most know best of all
This week, I found out I have plantar fasciitis in my left foot. The plantar fascia is the connective tissue that supports the arch of the foot. When this tissue gets inflamed, your heel really lets you know about it in a bad way.
Schumann – Vier Duette, op.78: ‘Tanzlied’
I came expecting “We’re Goin’ On a Whale Hunt” and found instead something deep and meditative, richly dramatic and broad. Ishmael’s narration begins with an apologia for going to sea wherein he asserts, “meditation and water are wedded for ever.” And achieving the sea we readers are at times buffeted by the winds and waves, or harassed by some little duties, but are more often lost in the vastness of the oceans, bobbing on what may as well be a cork in the deep. The Pequod, Ahab’s ship, never touches shore after she embarks, having carried all necessary supplies in her hold, and the isolation of open water is almost absolute. Interspersed in the telling of the story proper are essays on cetology, tutorials on sundry aspects of shipping, a sermon to sharks, and philosophical meditations on sea life (“This Right Whale I take to have been a Stoic; the Sperm Whale, a Platonian, who might have taken up Spinoza in his latter years.”). The fluidity of the novel allows for sometimes surprising turns, as when the action takes the form of dramatic scenes; my favorite chapters, in fact, were soliloquies more likely to be found on the stage. With this stylistic maneuvering Melville deftly convinces us that we’ve travelled with the Pequod for months, years. We don’t have to take his word for it, we can feel it, without feeling the exhaustion from the journey.
Police meanwhile found a female head wrapped in a jacket in a park in the Chihuahua town of Jimenez, in the most gruesome of 15 murders uncovered overnight, the state attorney general’s office said.
Indeed. Except.
Ecstasy is just one-eighth as harmful as alcohol, despite all its media attention and public concerns.
ESQUIRE
...There is no evidence that she ever spoke of her relationship with Smith. Secondhand sources suggest that Smith denied committing adultery with Alger, but did not deny a relationship.
Merry Christmas Eve,
1 involved
Inklings of this problem began to surface while we were still unmarried but just friends. I’d be talking about some random event or another, and he’d interrupt with, “But you already told me you had an appointment for that night, right?”
● Relatively short project duration. I would require 24-36 months between the
Q. We hear of the subsidy probe report, do you think the government can bring the culprits to justice?
“Seven people for the two of us! That seems a bit much!”
It's been quite a while since the wife's family has all come together, and Thanksgiving turned out to be the best time to accomplish that feat. The food was delicious, the company fabulous, and the visiting awesome! Best of all, they got long over due family photos out of it.
This is one of the things I want to concentrate on this year - learning how to take photos in manual.
Here are a bunch of young animators taking a break from their desks in order to provide "set designs" for the film. Even at this early age these artists were already masters of their craft. Under Walt Disney's guidance they elevated the art of personality animation to unimaginable heights.
Attainability: MARRIED
And Jacquie's kids? They may be those acorns you always hear about, the ones who fall not far from the ol' tree . . .
I know some people dislike FR, and anything touched by Ed Greenwood. To many it makes them think of Elminster, the deus ex machina, or heavy handed "story" based game mastering. Even though Ed is not to blame for those practices, it feels like his FR is slightly more about people than monsters. Even though I love the explorative part of the game, and some good exhilarating fights with foul beasts, I can't but help feeling a lot of sympathy for a game where there are heroes and personalities around. It kind of makes the world feel like a real place. Someone lives there, and are doing heroic deeds.
Bad, bad Angie. But hey, even though I'm not all that smooth, I do have lots of books in my office. Uh huh - I saw you perk up. Post below and tell me what you tend to forget, misplace or zone out on and you're entered to win a brand spanking new copy of Coveted by Shawntelle Madison! I'll even have her sign it for you.
So, why do you read the books you read?
Being mindful requires we slow down long enough to experience the internal and external cues in our lives. The internal awareness is the music of our hearts, and it’s expressed through the outflow of our emotions.
follow our guidelines!
Why did those first psychiatrists write a report that was completely wrong?
1 pieces
The greatest exemplar of literary realism in history, and possibly the greatest novelist in history. His two most titanic works, War and Peace and Anna Karenina, would have been more than sufficient to secure Knut Hamsun an award. If only Tolstoy had been born a little closer to Sweden, the Committee might have overlooked their arguable translation of Nobel’s will. Apparently, the Committee did not consider Tolstoy to be leading the modern literary world in “the ideal direction.”
MEDICAL HISTORY
The reason the job is taking so long is that this is about the only time we get around to it. My kitchen garden was originally 6 beds, each about 35 feet long and 4 feet wide with concrete paths in between. The reason for this was to make it manageable, not to have to walk on the beds because you can reach from both sides to the middle, and not to have to dig or manure areas where you were going to end up walking. It's always worked very well, with the additional bonus that rain doesn't soak into where plants aren't going to grow, and the unexpected benefit that the concrete heats up in the sun and this helps to warm the soil.
Level 10: Reduces the damage received from the enemies by 10%.
“The Battle of Bunker Hill was fought for – or on – clam chowder; part of it at least, I am sure it was. It is as American as the Stars and Stripes, as patriotic as the national Anthem. It is ‘Yankee Doodle in a kettle,” he wrote.
Now that I have an EOTech on my rifle, The only big thing left to maybe do to it is swap out the walnut stock with an aftermarket replacement.
A while ago I did a Style School e-course, and it really helped me to collate things that inspire me and place it all in one place - rather than keeping them scattered all over my house! Since i finished this e-course, I've kept a Style File. It's divided out by Wardrobe, Home, Creative & Life.
2. Fundraiser then Fundraising and Communications Manager for local Cancer Hospice
I am seeing small differences in my body but not enough for my old jeans to fit yet, unfortunately. These small changes we’ve been making to our eating habits do seem to be helping but as soon as my foot is healed, I’m ready to ramp up my efforts. I am super excited that Vita got Zumba for Kinect for us to try. I think that now that we’ve incorporated so many little changes to help us lose weight–smaller portions, healthier food, buddy system, etc.–it’s time to really devote more attention to increasing my physical activity beyond daily stretching.
Pelting beads of liquid bliss
HEAT oven to 425°F.
- Saw When in Rome, Psychedelic Furs, & DEVO(!!!) in San Antonio. When in Rome were better than expected. I expected utterly awful and it turned out rather cheezy. When When in Rome (ha! fun sentence construction) broke it down during their one hit "The Promise" so the singer could introduce the band I turned to mybloodyself and said, "I'm getting goosebumps. Of revulsion." Psych Furs were good, three original members and all their hits. I was surprised and pleased that they played "Dumbwaiters", an abrasive (well, abrasive for Psych Furs, I mean it wasn't Merzbow or anything) and punky song from their first album. Of course Devo were magnificent. It wasn't all that different from the show I saw in New York last year and yet it was better because I was crammed up against the stage (my choice, there was plenty of room) and spazz-dancing throughout. Three young guys near me had driven 14 hours from Memphis to see the show and I was impressed by both their committment and that Devo still inspires such devotion in dorkish college boys. Thank goodness I had a shirt to change into because I completely soaked the one I was wearing. Wheee!
around the edges
"mommy, we need to take finley to a dr. to protect his cough."
No other than Severian. A Torturer who shows mercy in spite of the strictures placed on him. A self-deceiving and not always likable person who has undergone so many changes during the course of his travels. A person who finds a holy relic, only at the end to learn this:
I go back and forth now
A pattern of curving stripes in several different blues
Then biffed the dismount.
Education Minister Heng Swee Kiat has earlier said it is important not to let “one or two incidents” tarnish the image of the teaching profession, because there are many good teachers around.
mix 1 TB of each herb leaf
6: "When Robert von Mohl said that the test of whether an emergency exists cannot be a juristic one, he assumed that a decision in the legal sense must be derived entirely from the content of a norm. But this is the question. In the general sense in which Mohl articulated his argument, his notion is only an expression of constitutional liberalism and fails to apprehend the independent meaning of the decision"
*For instance, this one. This was the first comic I remember ever getting. I said “getting” not reading because I was maybe four and couldn’t read yet, but gazing at this gripping Ramona Fradon illustration, I was immediately intrigued! Why were the Super Friends fighting one another?! What happened to Jayna?! Was she dead?! My four year old self NEEDED to know! Of course this is one of those comics where the scene on the cover never actually happens in the book. The villain, The Overlord (the one playing with puppets), brainwashes the Super Friends into trying to take over the world, but they are thwarted by Mera and other heroes from around the globe.
The later a baby is born, the more likely he is to survive. Almost 30 percent of babies born at 23 weeks of pregnancy survive, while about 50 to 60 percent of babies born at 24 weeks, about 75 percent born at 25 weeks, and more than 90 percent born at 27 to 28 weeks, survive (3,4,5).
“What?” said Rayanne.
– Before we are pregnant we dream of conceiving.
This week has been really weird after Christmas. With all that’s led up to new years and we just get to sit at home. It’s a rule that we can’t go out for New Year’s. That does mean however that we get to stop working at 6. For us here in the office that means a full day pday again. We’re going to watch Rango and the Blind Side tonight…..probably in Portuguese which is less fun than one would think. Movies just aren’t as cool when you are seeing them dubbed over. Because you expecting to hear one voice and another comes out. It’s weird but It nice to know that when I can get back I can bore you guys by asking you guys to put on Portuguese subtitles. So start practicing hehe. Once again it’s raining and what can you do. Its weird how missionaries just get to the point where rain and other things just go unnoticed.
Josephus was a Jewish historian who was born around AD 38. He served Roman commander Vespasian in Jerusalem until the city’s destruction in AD 70. Josephus personally believed Vespasian to be Israel’s promised Messiah. When Vespasian later became emperor of Rome, Josephus served under him as court historian. 2 In AD 93, Josephus finished his work Antiquities of the Jews in which at least three passages specifically confirm portions of Scripture:
The minute I found this candy cane biscotti recipe among my bookmarked items, I knew it was the one. I love Christmas cookies that are not only delicious, but look festive too, and these fit the bill on both accounts. Crushed candy canes are folded into a basic biscotti dough, and as they bake, the candy cane pieces melt and leave the biscotii studded with bright red specks. The cookies are buttery and rich, with hints of peppermint flavor thoughout. I loved them just as they were so it wasn't at all necessary, but for fun, I dipped a few in white chocolate and sprinkled them with extra candy cane pieces. The holiday season is all about excess, right?
beginning and end
Jet Airliner
Pictures!
One half teaspoon corriander
17For it is the Lord our God who has taken us and our fathers out of the land of Egypt, out of the prison-house, and who did all those great signs before our eyes, and kept us safe on all our journeys, and among all the peoples through whom we went:
Coral Springs High School high jumper Julia Frederick is the highest ranked high jumper in Florida. Her personal best is 5.6 feet and she is expected to do well in Thursday’s regional track meet. This meet will take place at Coral Springs High School starting in the afternoon of April 28. Both the women’s and men’s teams are expected to do very well in this meet and may qualify for the State Championships in Winter Park.
weighty wrenches
I decided to add some Corrugated Kraft Box in the background and *ink distressed* the edges with White Ink. Following the Sketch I added a Doily and some Prima Flowers. Next I embellished the card with some Yellow Rhinestone Brads, Chocolate Kaiser Pearls, some Yellow/White Gingham Ribbon., a Button with Brown Scrapper's Floss.
Do you need this? Probably and probably not. As much as I like the packaging and the concept, I wish they would sell the top coats apart from the base. Because if you want all the colors, you will have much more white creme polish than you may want.
Tonight's project is for the PTI Make-it-Monday challenge on Nichole Heady's blog. This week's challenge is to use patterned paper scraps to create a background for your card. This is actually something I've been doing for a while (and even as recently as last week), see...here, here, here, and here. For tonight's card, I stamped all of the patterned papers instead of using pre-pattered paper. This is a masculine one because as you all know, I seem to need these A LOT!!
From Highland Hellcat by Mary Wine
After trying on a few Hanboks on Gwen, finally we found one which she likes. The Hanbok was quite expensive. It cost Rp260k (around RM80).
Pogonia ophioglossoides is commonly known as the rose pogonia or the snakemouth orchid and is famous for its scent that smells just like raspberry.
It is a day of hospitality. During the week, of course I get to meet other moms for informal get-togethers at the playground, but overall we are all pulled into our separate routines. Shabbat means opening our doors to others for a leisurely Shabbat meal full of laughter, noise, fellowship and sharing. It also means inviting, sometimes on the spur of the moment, neighbours whom we don't normally see during the week. It means forging connections, building a real community of friends who can count on each other in times of need.
Tip: Must try the French classics like steak tartare and creme brulee.
We’re hitting the part of the year when everything HAS to fall in place. If it doesn’t then we screw everything up. Grades need to be ready soon. Testing starts back up next week. I have to do inventory for the lab supplies. And I’m certain there are going to be meetings out of the Wazoo. (For those of you who don’t know, the Wazoo is a small and secretive hut used by teachers to have very cramped and pointless meetings. It is usually found behind the cafeteria dumpsters.)
In a parallel universe where note-taking is recognized as a highly refined and specialized skill, I believe I am a professional note-taker who gets paid executive sums of money to take high-quality notes. I would be a contractor, meeting clients who need someone who can accurately capture what they actually mean vs. simply what they literally said.
… so, I am waiting for the Orkin Man to come and rescue me. And then, packing a bag and staying with my parents until this issue is resolved.
That I had arrived on the dusty doorstep of an uncharted territory.
Thanks to my wonderful husband, the suitcases did get unpacked, the housework has been done and my son didn’t have to dig through the refrigerator for himself. Now…all I can do is wait and see if I made it into the final round.
Presale tickets for the Soiled Dove show on February 2 are available starting December 30 at 10AM MST at https://www.vendini.com/ticket-software.html?e=31f3b4d756e87937437269292afdb610&t=tix
And also I believe in rewarding myself even for small goals…So each time I set one I will also set a reward for hitting it….Bigger the goal Bigger the reward
I plan on making several quick breads & muffins this week to put in the freezer for breakfasts, snacks & traveling this month. I also intend to share some with friends experiencing medical trials and who could use a little love this week.
Could she be oh-so-helpful and get Madelina to her birthday party? 'Cause we're, like, a little busy trying to find our cows that escaped. Laura was the first of many to exclaim "The whole herd?", referring to our herd of 42 grassfed cattle of varying ages, sizes and maturity levels. Thankfully, no. They were still happy as clams (what does that mean?) in their pasture.
Seeing my children succeed is important to me as well, but I believe that my children should, can and do have the right to determine what success means for them, and that I am mistaken to assume that I know what the world will be like when they grow up and what the best way is for them to live in it. I don't know what the world will look like, I don't know what they will choose to do in the future, and I don't know what they will need to learn to succeed in that world on their own terms and in their own ways. I cannot engineer their lives. But I can still provide a foundation. Rather than try to plan for very contingency and attempt to give them a bit of everything so they can succeed, I can help them develop confidence, curiosity, adaptability, passion, unconditionality and trust, in an environment founded on exploration. Regardless of what the world becomes or what part they choose to play in it, I think that this foundation helps them see the possible.
I wrote this because God, spoke to my heart to share about my harden heart I hope my testimony about my cold heart condition can encourage you to seek God, for Love, because True love can only be found through God, He, placed in all of us the desire to seek His, love but because of being born into sin we seek love else were which leads to a harden heart and troubling situations.
8. Burt's Bees Hand Salve
Of all the ways in which commerce and art can collide and collude, the nurturing of the dreams of youth must surely be among the most worthy.
It was winter and the chill seemed to call for something warming.
Starring: Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Eva Green, Helena Bonham Carter
Why are sodas called soft drinks? As opposed to a glass of liquor being a hard drink? Why is this thought just occurring to me?
We are celebrating Treston's birthday today! I can hardly tell you how I love this kid. He's such a boy, we simply got a pile of mulch delivered to our house today for his party. When you're T-Bear, what else could you ask for? A pile of mulch and some trucks. He's in heaven.
With the exception of the twenty-three real lawmen who are presently sheriffs in Oklahoma, most sheriffs contacted for the article are typical--let me repeat, TYPICAL--law enforcement dumbass administrative types.
It is not about just hearing what somebody says but truly listening. Our body declines with interest towards the other person when we truly listen. Our eyes make a kind, soft, empathetic continuous contact with the eyes of our talker. When we listen, we do not interrupt the talker. When we listen we do not jump to conclusions. We do not judge. We do not advice. We accept the other person as s/he is and listen what they just say. When we listen, we make an effort to understand and not to be understood. To UNDERSTAND means to try to walk in their shoes and acknowledge that fact that this is not possible so do not cross the line and think that you KNOW what they go through.
#1: Anachronisms. Oddly, this affects the science fiction and the fantasy equally. In the 1990s, I utterly sucked at foreseeing what techno marvels would come to wow us a mere decade later. Oh yeah, I’d read Phillip K. Dick while listening to a compact disk, and sneer at him for having his characters listening to their music in 1990-something on reel-to-reel tape. I never saw the mp3 player coming. My idea of an up-to-date modern household in 2050 is a big-screen flat TV and robotic vacuum. Pathetic.
I really can't think of anything I'd rather have than to have my whole family together. We all have our own lives and sometimes it seems there are so many miles between us that we don't feel close anymore. But it's always a good feeling to get together to reconnect and pick up where we last left off.
A heterogeneous concept is one that turns out, under analysis, to consist of multiple, distinguishable things. Ryle points out that the grammatical behavior of nouns is such that we can be led to think that there is something that exists when there is nothing (Dickens’s Mr. Pickwick, for example), but that this is practically speaking the same thing as thinking that only one thing exists when in fact the concept involves many things (Dickens, one of his novels, the tradition of fiction; football players, uniforms, equipment). All I mean by "analysis," that I am not using in any sort of technical manner, is thinking about the referents of the term (semantics and metaphysics often come to the same thing). Examples of heterogeneous concepts from outside of philosophy of mind are value terms like "ethics" or "beauty," or for that matter very many abstract nouns such as (opening the dictionary randomly) "reservoir." Wittgenstein famously explained the heterogeneous nature of the concept of “game.”
Nina Carberry, who was born on July 21, 1984, has been hailed by many as the best female jockey they have seen. The amateur rider and her jockey brothers Paul, Philip and Peterjon were bred for the job. Their father Tommy, a former Irish champion jockey who won the 1975 Grand National on L’Escargot, is now a trainer and saddled Bobbyjo to win the 1999 John Smith’s Grand National with Paul in the saddle. Their mother Pamela is a sister of top trainer Arthur Moore and the daughter of L’Escargot’s trainer Dan Moore. Nina has partnered four winners at the Cheltenham Festival, including three successes in the cross country chase on Heads Onthe Ground (2007) and Garde Champetre (2008 & 2009). She rode her first winner on Sabrinsky in the Ladies’ Derby on the Flat at the Curragh on July 15, 2001. Carberry is the only female jockey to have ridden in the John Smith’s Grand National three times and has completed the course on each occasion. She recently married Ted Walsh Jnr, making her sister-in-law to Katie and Ruby Walsh. John Smith’s Grand National Record: 2006 Forest Gunner (9th); 2010 Character Building (7th), 2011 Character Building (15th)
The Founding Fathers revered John Locke, the Whig philosopher and supporter of the Glorious Revolution. Classical liberal thought is founded on his political philosophy. The preamble of the Declaration of Independence is a summary of Locke's philosophy of natural rights. Both libertarians and conservatives held Locke in highest esteem, the latter seeking to conserve the founding principles of our republic. It would seem odd to find in the esteemed publication of the ISI the following limerick (page 17):There once was a man named John Locke.
"Chinese Rocks" Heartbreakers
The Violets of March is the debut novel of author Sarah Jio. Sarah is an amazing storyteller and a very gifted writer, and I definitely will be reading her next novel, which is due out next year.
For my card I have done an easel design and I have used Tilda with Ice cream and Summer Tilda from the Magnolia Lazy Summer Days Collection 2009 and both are coloured with copics. The Dp is from echo park and the ribbon and jewels are from my stash.
Meanwhile, Jason Campbell has a reputation of just the opposite.
so i didn't want to put a ton of effort into it.
Rob Ryan’s romantic screen print of a bottle filled with Tears I cried over you 1981-9 is at one end of the scale – and a giclée print by Reuben Dangoor, of Being a Dickhead’s Cool Youtube fame, entitled: Red Beard’s Break-up – an illustrated scene with a more sinister edge – is at the other end.
From the start, we know that the author is taking a slightly different approach to terminal cancer. “This Support Group featured a rotating cast of characters in various states of tumor-driven unwellness. Why did the cast rotate? A side effect of dying.” I was surprised to find myself laughing out loud at several points. I was not surprised to also find my heart broken, inevitable given the subject matter.
The health ministry said more than 150 people were injured on Wednesday and that many were receiving treatment at a nearby field clinic.
Here was my take on the "Almond Joy"
Let us take a moment to describe what Human Resources Management really is.
17. Heartache Tonight
Not feeling great, we went back to the room to nap. Later we walked to black rock and along the beach.
Walk, metro, walk, walk and walk a bit more, and there i was, seeing THE Steven Wilson and his amazing band performing a brilliant show a couple of metres from me and a not so crowded venue.
RND 3-5: sc in each st around (18 stitches)
Once you accept the adapted bulk of oil barrels for a world, columnist X to accompany up Blue who will fly you to the abstruse level.
We are the Boss, unless we allowed others to be boss.
I'm originally from Atlanta and oh how I love it. I always wanted to go back there and work someday. My family still lives there as does my best friend. So imagine my surprise when my inbox lit up with a message from Coca-Cola inviting me to their Conversations with Coca-Cola blogging conference.
stripped that I might be clothed,
I’m reading Terry Pratchett’s Snuff and finding myself being drawn deeper and deeper into the story. It’s been a long time since I actually held a paper book and read with my eyes open; these days I prefer to listen to someone reading to me, usually people with great voices that make the characters come alive, and I can rest my eyes all the while. My friend pushed the Pratchett upon me. I’ve had it for ages, and the fact that she mentioned it the other day means that I’d better get it read. It’s great, and a very adult story which feels real world and not fantasy makes it very different from his other works.
Beef Wellington with mushroom duxelles & St. Bernardus ABT 12 - 10.5% ABV.
A sport of blood, of blood, of blood
Personally I have spent the last year “overthinking” everything and this book has me respecting my intuition in a whole new way!
*We left our beloved Omaha, Village Green, our friends, our ward, our zoo, and Burger Star. This was one of the hardest things I have had to do. I never thought when I moved out there that I would dread the day that we would leave, but I did. And I still miss it so much that it is hard to think of it and hard to look at pictures of when we were there.
In a large bowl, whisk the flour and herb/spice mixture together. Gently rinse each blossom, pat dry, then cut off stems. Remove and discard the interior reproductive structures (either threads or stumps) that were attached to the stem. Discard. Fill a small bowl with club soda. Drop each blossom in, one at a time, carefully agitating the blossom to encourage it to open with the help of the club soda. Remove and shake excess club soda off. Drop blossom in flour mixture, tossing to coat, then hold blossom by stem end to lightly swish the flower end into the mixture as if a broom. Shake off excess flour mixture. The blossom should not be fully covered. Place prepared blossoms on a paper towel.
My gorgeous girl has been incredibly brave, so much more than I ever would have been. She took it all in her stride, let nurses, doctors, consultants, surgeons and plaster technicians assess the damage and ask her questions. I'm very proud of her. It feels like we've done a lot of messing about but the most important thing is that she's absolutely fine, albeit in a plaster-cast. And I'm knackered!
...... because 'self sabotage' sounded so full of drivel! So the 12WBT that I have been droning on about is set to gear up on Monday, so what do I do? Grab myself the biggest, gooiest, mouth wateringly huge piece of Camembert cheese and devour it. But not by itself, oh no - it's partner in crime; slice upon slice of salty, spicy, leave an oil ring around the mouth salami.
I feel better now knowing he's on his way and he has everything. I can relax a little as I am hooked up in bed with all the monitors and while I get the antibiotics in the IV which takes 3o minuets. It's about 3:30pm give or take. The contractions are coming every 5 minuets (I know because the machine was keeping a detailed account). They were growing in intensity but really very manageable. I try to focus on what I need to do when the pain picks up. I'm thinking that as soon as Davey arrives I'll change and get in the tub.
Do his eyes speak to you...like they do to me?
3. Form dough into tiny balls.
The next question goes – which fiord to see – Milford Sound or Doubtful Sound? Pictures from Doubtful Sound here. I’ll come back to Milford Sound in another post.
I think back to this time last year, a time when I had another countdown ticking away in my head. How significant the month of April has become in my life. Last year, I eagerly awaited the meeting of my birth daughter! It was an event that I had dreamt of and imagined for 17 years leading up to that marvelous day. I remember how nervous I was, yet how blissfully happy and excited. And then finally came the moment that I got to see her, to hug her and release the tears of absolute euphoria that had been building up for so long! What a precious, incredible moment that was; one that I will never ever forget. I love that my dear, sweet husband was right there with me, just as enchanted as I was, as if she were his own birth daughter!
McLENNAN S, CELI LA, ROTH P. The Health and Safety in Employment Act and the influenza vaccination of healthcare workers. N Z Med J 2007; 120: U2442.
Sorry about the picture overload post, I usually try to keep them to a minimum but Mitchell and I both had such an amazing day and weekend, I couldn't help share it all! So many people we loved could come to the party, the backyard looked like a dream (I wish it were big enough for the wedding!), and it was so nice seeing my friends for the first time since we have gotten engaged. I can't wait for more wedding fun!
And it was drama free which is awesome because with girls that’s not always the case. My group of girlfriends and I are all very different. We’re like the Spice Girls (ps I love the Spice Girls) because we each represent a different personality type and somehow we make it all work. I would definitely be considered the “Princess Spice” of the group for a few reasons. 1) I cry at the end of almost every movie. 2) I like to pamper myself. 3) I whine…a lot. 4) And I’m slightly high-maintenance. Yes, I’m sticking with slightly.
"Cautious’s patent attorney has followed the advice on settling that was given last week, and considered carefully the question of making a Part 36 offer, a “Claimant’s offer", to IPOff. CPR 36 (“Part 36”) says that if the Claimant wins at trial at least as much as the offer it made, then it is entitled to enhanced interest on any damages and costs (CPR 36.14(1)(b) and (3)). Cautious’s patent attorney not unreasonably argues that this means that they can simply propose, in a Part 36 Offer, that the defendant meet all of Cautious's claim, and Cautious will be entitled to the costs and interest benefits of CPR 36.14. As a result he has sent the following, not very logical, proposal to IPOff’s solicitor by email:
When things don’t make sense in any way, I reject them. There’s a philosophical device called Occam’s Razor, which says that if you have several theories for something and you can’t prove one over the other, you should go for the one that has the fewest number of arguments against it. Fate has huge numbers of reasons against it; free-will / choice makes more sense (though it’s not perfect). Therefore, I believe we have free-will over our actions and that fate does not rule us.
Ironically, only hours earlier, she had published an article about the secrets of avoiding a hangover on New Year's Day.
I used the same fern stencil but use the gold metallic embossing paste with a coat of Stampendous Halo Glitter sprinkled over the surface. I think this would be a fantastic combination for a Christmas card!
Her reaction was one of polite disinterest, followed by mentioning that she has a friend who makes quilted table runners. There was no comprehension of how much work was required, and she wasn't at all curious about the techniques employed. She didn't recognize the person portrayed (understandable, since that area is only about half stitched), although she did comment on the eyes following her. There was no comprehension that the piece falls under the category of fine art rather than that of utilitarian, decorative objects. Fine art probably isn't even a milieu she's aware of. Her frame of reference is entirely focussed on bed quilts, and a stitched portrait just doesn't have anywhere to fit in.
3 incidents of wrinkle-inducing frustration from driving. At least. I’m sure.
It was Edale Country Day today, which means Edale fell race. At 5 miles and about 1300 feet of ascent it's my kind of race - quite steep and nice and short.
On a much happier note, I'll be back later today with some goodie photos.
“I’m sorry,” Jessica said, reaching across the table to lay her hand on his. “If there’s anything I can do to help, just let me know.”
7 Their Memories 2:51
Police said they were written to people who weren't patients at Verrette's office for such controlled substances as oxycodone and hydrocodone.
People should know that Barack Obama demonized the primary means of interrogation that got us Osama bin Laden. And there is no question that waterboarding and other “enhanced interrogation” methods led us to the breakthroughs we needed to get bin Laden:
I LOVE this song "Spiritus" by the one and only Lisa Mitchell.
The remarks were in sharp contrast to recent tension between the two neighbors over cross-border raids, and Afghan accusations that Pakistan was involved in killing the chief Afghan peace envoy, former Afghan president Burhanuddin Rabbani, by a suicide bomber on September 20.
Wild Turkey Russell's Reserve 101, 10 years old, 50.5% abv.
This is #3 in my challenge series of 50 pets this summer. You might be wondering what happened to #'s 1 and 2...it's quite simple, they ended up in a most disgusting way and will have to be re-painted at a later date. Michelle Muse is a family (not mine) chicken and you'll soon see another painting of her very soon.
Santa Claus Is Comin' to Town ... ABC Family ... 2 PM
For the rest of you, I'm sorry to say that I don't believe in participation awards. I enjoyed all of them (some more than others, but I'm not blabbing), but not everyone can be a winner. I can, however, leave you with this:
So here's where I'd love your opinions; why do you like beads? I'll start off with a few of my own:
Let’s do those greater things that Jesus said we would do, starting in our marriages.
Exploitation – Equality
Wish we were there!! :)
Last week for example we had asked our producer to invite Stephen Fry on the show but unfortunately had to settle for the ever reliable but rather dull Rowland Rivron.
Sizzix Alterations-Tag and bookplates
The terms and conditions for the Postdoctoral Fellowship (PDF) are as follows:
George Zimmerman has FINALLY been arrested and charged with a crime. The prosecutor has charged Mr. Zimmerman with 2nd degree murder. It’s possible that this is an overcharge, because manslaughter would probably be easier to convict, but I have to assume that the prosecutor knows what she is doing. Regardless of the charge; and really, regardless of whether Mr. Zimmerman is ultimately found guilty or not guilty, the important thing is that the facts of the case will be presented in a court of law so that guilt or innocence can be determined based not on one person’s opinion, or the bias of the police, but instead based upon the facts. George Zimmerman needs to answer some questions about what was suspicious about Trayvon Martin. About why he thought Trayvon Martin was on drugs. These are questions that are important, not only in this case, but also on the national conscience about race.
Some people claim aliens, some people claim lost technology, some people claim it was magic. But in the antediluvian period of the earth, many great things were accomplished by man that we cannot even replicate with our technology today. But in a poem by Lancelot, during that time, he claims it was because we could speak to the two people God walked hand in hand with.
Not like I was when I was four walking the beaches of
About one third of the Earth is covered in sun-rich deserts creating a potential vast amount of energy resource. If 4 percent of those sun-rich deserts are harnessed the current world’s energy needs would be met.
As I was making my smoothie this morning, I realized just how handy my Ninja was for this task and how much I enjoyed drinking my daily concoction. Then I started thinking about some of my other healthy eating essentials and thought it would make for a good blog post.
So I am working on getting into my new groove.
I couldn't even look back. My heart was being torn out of my chest.
"Walking Boss" - The Damnations. Hell yeah.
Rudolph Valentino remains one of the really instantly recognizable names in film history, even to those with only a fleeting interest in the subject. His reputation as a romantic idol of the silent screen is well entrenched even after almost 90 years since his untimely passing.
can we talk about phobias for a second? we all have them, some more odd than others. i think i've mentioned this here before, but my phobia is...
Sergeant Wayne called to the rest of his squad “fire everything you’ve got and keep it busy”. Then he calmly spoke to the gunner “take your time and hit it where it hurts”. The squad fired their heavy laser rifles in short controlled bursts. Most of the shots ricocheted of the building, but they succeeded in distracting the monster long enough for the gunner to take careful aim. His shot found a gap in the wall and struck the creature cleanly on the back. However, despite leaving a smoking scar where the beam burned through the creatures armour, it seemed unaffected.
My grandpa died.
How cool is that then?! Two dollars got me a pretty celery green welcome sign on a painted tray.
First we have the new challenge at
Another part of the article I object to is the idea that kids make marriages worse. In essence, it says that kids place quite a strain on a marriage, although it only discusses one type of family--one where both the mother and father work outside of the home, and wait until their mid thirties to have their first kid (and possibly last kid). I have only had a kid for a few months, but it is a bit of a shock in the personal freedom department, and I am still learning how to balance my needs and wants with Luthien's. It's been hard figuring out how to be married and how to raise a baby at the same time. I don't see the logic in the article on this point though. Facing and overcoming challenges in a marriage should serve to strengthen it, not weaken it. But this article seems to say that once a couple has children their relationship is only about the kids. I have seen this first hand, but I have also seen marriages that are still awesome and fully functioning with several children. I think couples have to be careful not to let their marriage slide after having kids, rather they need to use the challenges to strengthen and grow their marriage. It reminds me how important it is to make my marriage a priority. I think that because Andy and I will have dealt with this balance between marriage and children from the beginning we will be able to learn the necessary skills to keep both healthy. This isn't to say that couples who have children later can't do this, just that for us it is good to do it early on.
What if we flipped through it several times a day?
People in Dallas can check them out tomorrow on Lucky Friday The Thirteenth.
“Tim’s a trip, ain’t he,” I said, shaking my head. “Should change his name from Tim to Tom.”ADDED: I get the feeling that the hostility expressed toward "Tim" was displaced hostility toward himself. It's very sad if he resisted loving Genevieve because she was white. Don't you think Genevieve resembles Obama's mother, who was white? Imagine being a heterosexual man and feeling that you weren't supposed to be attracted to a woman who reminds you of your mother. There's this alternate never-to-be-written Obama search-for-identity book titled "Dreams From My Mother."
The Hunger Games (Trilogy) and Divergent
One other note: the author is a TV executive. Suddenly it makes sense to me why nearly everything on TV sucks. Sure, there’s Breaking Bad, Sons of Anarchy, Mad Men, Game of Thrones, Community, etc. But for every good show there are like ten reality shows, and I would rather watch a video of myself getting shot in the leg than a reality show.
There's a bunch of onsite activities to do during the day, and by the sounds of it they're pretty fun (I didn't go during the day so I wouldn't know). Starting around 5:00pm, different bands start to play at the two outdoor stages. Tonight's performances I saw included Mother Mother (admittedly, don't know them that much) and Kyprios. If you stay that late though, remember to bring a blanket or lawn chairs to sit on, and perhaps a jacket/blanket to cozy up in - it gets pretty cold around 8:00pm!
Given Ann’s escape attempts, Charlie knows she has to be mentally astute and drug-free to choose a life with him. Once Ann is no longer under sedation, life is blissful, until they discover her husband is still alive.
Wednesday, October 24th–I was so sick today that after work a co-worker took me to an after-hours clinic. After X-rays and other tests, I was diagnosed with bronchitis.
Mary-Anne Parker – Religious Educators Representative; Western Region
25.01.82 Brighton Top Rank
Self-pity is one of, if not the, least attractive all human traits. As soon as I catch myself wallowing in the throws of it (which is pretty often) I make an effort to grind it down to a fine powder. It’s downright unmanly.
The beautiful dps are from Close to my Heart. I used the Sizzix Crown die and embossed it with The Paper Studio Mesh Embossing Folder. Then I rubbed Walnut Stain Distress Ink over the edges and top of the crown. I covered the entire crown in Stardust Stickles and outlined the edges with Gold Stickles. I also covered the Fleur-de-lis and Cross with Gold Stickles. The blue pearl and blue & clear rhinestones came from my stash. The large cream pearls are from Recollections.
Our jaws hit the floor. “Just us? But the website said our trip was sold out.”
Phil replies, "It's a small, small world Joe, and you're fired."
Even “non nonsense” and “robust” tactics as per below somehow failed to work
Our little guy is officially two years old! It's amazing to see him grow and change and interact and talk with us. He learned to answer, "How old are you?" with a proud "Twoooooo!" He had an Elmo/Sesame Street party since those are some of his favorite pals right now. We hosted the party at home and had lots of family and friends and little kids over.
On the seventh day of Christmas
* The fritters are crisp outside and chewy inside.
EDITOR: Mideast?
By his own ever-optimistic projections, we’ll be out of this rough patch of economy by then, anyway. (Riiiight?) So the stimulus aspect is missing, once again.
“The white terra-cotta-clad C-Town supermarket on the north side of 9th Street between Fifth and Sixth avenues was, from 1914 to 1967, the RKO Prospect Theatre, which at first presented both vaudeville and films, then later only films. In 1922 comedian Ted Healy invited two fledgling Brooklyn-born performers, Moe and Shemp Howard, to join him onstage for some ad-libbed humor. The act continued at the Prospect under the name Ted Healy and His Stooges.”
Finally, I was down to one mouse.
They both took about two bites and then dug their heels in..."we're not eating this". I remained calm. I reasoned with them. I "indulged" them by listening to their tale of woe. But finally, I told them, if you don't eat it now you will eat it the next time you tell my "I'm hungry".
I’m bleeding
07/15 - Cleveland, OH Blossom Music Center
You want BIG results and you want them now!
Snatched from their cups by the wild south-westerly
By Gary Andrew Poole / Las Vegas / TIME / Friday, Feb. 24, 2012
I would like to introduce you to one of my newest sponsors, Winterberry Cottage. It's a wonderful Etsy shop filled with all kinds of images printed on vintage dictionary pages (and other vintage books--even sheet music). If you're looking for a unique wall display, this is your one-stop shop. Best of all, it's extremely reasonably priced, in case you decide to do a large grouping.
Alone are my salvation,
She said: "That was weird. What was it about?"
This means that you can believe one of two things. Either the Welsh Assembly and the BBC are lying because they're engaged in some kind of pro-tobacco industry plot to undermine the smoking ban, or they are telling the truth and the smoking ban is deterring the Beeb from filming more shows in Wales. If you look at the output of both the BBC and the Welsh Assembly in recent years, I think it's pretty clear that if they are are engaged in a pro-smoking conspiracy, it has been phenomenally well-camouflaged.
In what then seemed to be a self–congratulating confirmation of their delusions, Europeans began to precipitously proffer awards to those Africans who seemed to bear out their faith of their own evangelism. Robert Mugabe, for example, was awarded The Africa Prize for Leadership for the Sustainable End of Hunger in 1988 with the comment that his agricultural programs "Pointed the way not only for Zimbabwe but for the entire African continent.”
Constipation, sometimes severe
I could go on and on about the experiences of these couples throughout their week-long pledge, but I’ll try to summarize my favorite parts instead.
· Shame leads one to protect oneself, and helps us understand our dignity and value.
The Becks, Limbaughs and O’Reillys of the world do make it difficult at times to have a reasonable debate on foreign policy. They sometimes engage in smear tactics, such as calling people crazy, anti-semitic or other things, that totally end the debate. It is unfortunate. Ad hominems are so sixth grade.
The Ockermans are a very special family. I met Georgia and her daughter Katie on a mission trip to Brazil in 2000. In November of that same year, Katie was killed in a car accident. Adam and I flew to San Antonio for the funeral. I saw Georgia again in 2002 and 2004 on two week campaigns to Brazil. Our friendship continued to grow. When I interned, I spent a lot of time at the Ockerman house with Georgia, Jacob, Joel, and Emily. I considered them my second family and lots of people thought I looked like them. Georgia was always so friendly and made me feel at home the moment I arrived in San Antonio. She was always there to listen and willing to help in any way. I am so thankful for the friendship I have with her and her kids. I was sad that Jacob and Joel were not there.
Pantina
Someday, when this night is over
may well be two years old which is why I was able to
As mummies in the mummy-cloth are wound.
(I’m not dissing my mother. She made homemade meals every single day and did her best with the nutrition information that was out there in the ‘60s and ‘70s, when I grew up. She also was a superb baker, but we won’t go into sugar here…)
You may or may not have noticed that my blog remained rather silent this week. I actually did write a post for Wednesday, but I didn’t like it and didn’t feel comfortable posting it, so I didn’t. It was actually quite liberating to make that decision and be okay with it. I considered coming up with something else, but I simply did not have the time or the motivation. It has just been one of those weeks. Hopefully all of you understand and can forgive me.
*He is starting to sleep a little better giving me at good 4-5 hour stretch at night, lately he will do 6 hours some nights. I hope he keeps it up. I am thinking it will be better when he goes to his own room because sometimes when he gets up he won't nurse at all, I don't think he was ever really awake.
Spyrer gang
This reminds me of the old proverb about the fox and the scorpion. One day down by the lake, a scorpion asks the fox if he would ferry him over to the other side of the lake by riding on the foxes back. The fox refuses stating the scorpion would sting him and he would drown. The scorpion reasons with the fox that if that were true, then both would drown for scorpions cannot swim. The fox agrees and the scorpion crawls on the back of the fox. Halfway across the lake, the scorpion stings the fox. The fox asks why the scorpion did that for now both were going to die. The scorpion simply replied, I could not help it. It is my nature.
You know what …
Before you download Securimage there are some prerequisites to consider. You must have PHP installed with the GD option. The GD library is used for image manipulation. If you installed WAMP as I recommended, GD is automatically available. Everything else you will need in this session will come from Securimage. Okay, next we download Securimage from here – http://www.phpcaptcha.org/download/.
As I ruminate on the big and the small, let's write about magnitude and scale. Anything on the continuum is fair game. Leave me a note about your poem and I'll post the results here later this week.
His body was covered in bruises, his hands smashed, eyes swollen and black, and the neck was broken. His genitals had been severed, and he had scars on his body that suggested whipping with a cable and electric shocks.
Raines is one of my favorite bars in the city. It’s a speakeasy, but not too speakeasy. No real gimmicks, just a dimly lit bar with dashing bartenders and amazing cocktails.
2. Pray for Lifeline as they partner with the new orphanages. Pray that the lives us the doctors who go to assist these children will forever be changed by that experience.
'No, ma'am', he replied. 'I'm riding Silver Arrow in the seventh race, but I sure appreciate your help.'
Well now, here we are one week hence and I see that LMU has again caused a wee kerfuffle. However, this time it is not the university that is displaying fuckwittery but some of its lecturers.
Bathtub Gin – 43.4%
"Mommy, what are other parts of speech?"
I really value your help and I would like to improve at this style :-) I would like you to always tell me as it is ,,, I don't need ,,, fabby card etc etc blah blah ,, lol ,, we can all write those lol :-) I really do appreciate criticism and would never be offended ,, :-) ,,, so please ,,, be as brutal as ya like ,, I can take it :-) ,,, and THANKS !!
Saturday 18th Feb was my 2nd Blogaversary! I had planned a scheduled post (as I was away at the wekend) but Mr Blogger didn't play ball - so annoying when that happens! So I'm posting it myself today!
Violet however appears in the visible light spectrum, or rainbow, with purple simply being a mix of blue and red.
It’s not known whether the figure he quoted was an exact number or a rough estimate.
Before you invest in this company, you should look under the hood and find out more about their products and sales revenue.
Of course, once someone starts taking drugs or abusing alcohol, a chemical addiction takes over and impedes their ability to stop. But they’re not the only ones.
Stevia
Well you certainly kept myself and Gina busy with all your entries to our DT call. We couldn’t believe how many applications we received, but it was really nice to know so many of you wanted to join our team. It was such a difficult decision and we could have chosen at least 20 new members!! However we were strict and kept to our original mission to choose just 4 new members. We’re sorry if you’re name isn’t below as one of our new members but please don’t lose hope, when we’re looking again in the future we hope you will try again.
Joan always had an ear for songs. The covers she chooses, and invariably executes perfectly, are a big part of Joan's draw. Her versions of Jonathan Richmonds' Roadrunner, Sly Stone's Everyday People, Tommy James' Crimson And Clover, and especially the Mary Tyler Moore show theme Love Is All Around are all killer renditions.
The expedition wandered through modern-day Arkansas and Louisiana for nearly a year until finally it became clear to everyone, including the Governor, that no fortunes would be found. Resigned, exhausted and ailing, de Soto proposed that his army return to the Mississippi, build boats and float down the river, then send a barge to Cuba for help.
I went ahead and changed into some light clothes and my trail running shoes. Everyone looked at me like I was crazy and asked what I was doing. I was dying to check out the trails and see what Mt. Baldy had to offer. So off I went.
As always I would love to hear any feedback or comments you may have,
Funny that a no-good bum but ego-maniacal character like Geoffrey Carroll could see this much.
- rise too low
"No, you should still apply."
The message I want readers to grab is it does not matter how hard or bad your life once was you can overcome it and be the person that God wants you to be.
This is why I’m happy to announce that Laughing Lindsay is going to be hosting a giveaway for a random Alight shirt for the next three months! Yep, that means you get 3 chances to win a cute plus size top! This is the first of the three! I’m also going to be receiving a top myself, so I’ll be posting a review of it when I get it.
Here are some forms of strikes that are often used.
Tanlines - Bejan
One home cooked meal this week and that's because we are pretty much quarantined upstairs. All the carpet is gone downstairs and it is quite dusty, so the kitchen is only in use for quick things.
They’ve had a few surprises.
By now everyone has realized that Spider-Man 3 was a complete and total bust, and it seems the same person in charge of the cheesy finale to a great trilogy has okayed a reboot to a series that is only five years old. The film seems to be keeping a low profile, but with summer just around the corner the producers better step it up if they want anyone else besides Spidey fanatics and bored teens to see their film. Andrew Garfield and Emma Stone leading the project sparks my interest yet these rising stars are mostly unfamiliar to the comic book world and their fresh faces may not be enough to top the ticket sales of the original series. At this point in time, I cannot say I see this film succeeding. I enjoy the talented people working on the project, however this reboot seems too soon and it is doubtful that it will make enough to spark interest in a sequel.
BB10 – 2.5 million (average)
Settling down to family creation,
You must get this for your child
This course satisfies the M.A. economics requirement for MIPP, IA, SPS, and Global Com. Pre-Requisites: Introductory macro and micro economics courses. It is taught by Steven Suranovic, GW Associate Professor of Economics and International Affairs.
The last knot was pure Second Realm, though. You tied it backwards, then pulled the whole thing through itself, and somehow the ends of the rope joined inside the knot. What remained was a loop of rope with four knots in it that could never be untied, short of cutting. You made a four knot to summon the Four Knot. Dora would come for him. She was in the Second Realm anyway. Nearby. Rel let Rel go and waited for the Sherim to carry him back to himself.
Ok, so I know that I said that having a second child was a piece of cake. And it is. Honestly.
It stretches to any fit tho so if you are a ...ahh... Pepsi fan...(slaps self on wrist) I guess that would be ok too! :o)
Instead of looking to the Son of Man lifted on the cross – we look to ourselves, the gods of Mammon (wealth) and fame. Or we want to be god ourselves.
"Gotcha. I'll contact the underground, then go to Two Toes and fill you in. Toto and I will be fine," I added with a wink. "We'll cross paths again; I guarantee it," I yelled and waved as he lifted up into the air
During all this time nobody dared to move, for we did not know at what moment our perilous support might over-turn, throwing us all into the sea. The buoyant air was gradually leaking from under the boat, lowering us further and further into the water.
*Seven's for $30 at TJMAXX - Score (although, I have this odd feeling they aren't REAL Sevens, but I honestly don't care because they were soooo comfortable when I tried them on)
you are something special:)
The desire to eat healthfully while on holiday ran straight into a favorite Noodle travel ritual - the Sharing of Cheesy, Crunchy Snacks. Early in our marriage, when our finances couldn't yet afford airfare to visit family out of state, my husband and I relied on roadtrips to take us where we needed to go. From North Carolina to Northern Virginia, from Charlotte to Chicago to Atlanta and countless treks in between, a full tank of gasoline and a package of faux-fromage fare were all the fuel we needed. At first, it was Planters Cheez Balls, which dusted the dashboard with Yellow#4 & Red#6 cheddar-ish powder and left bright orange fingerprints on the steering wheel. Nowadays, our meandering munchies of choice are the less messy but no less cheesy Pepperidge Farm Goldfish, beloved treat of stroller-bound tots everywhere and listed as #2 in Time magazine's Nine Kid Foods to Avoid.
The teacher’s performative cues must be presented openly so the class will perceive what they value (in their words) as the teacher’s “passion” and “caring about / respecting the students.” The reciprocal degree to which students feel the passion and trust the teacher’s feelings as being sincere will have a salutary influence upon the depth and extent to which the subject-matter is learned.
The third potential problem may well in the end make all the others academic by comparison: social unrest. The Greeks just look knackered at the moment, but there will be a general strike after Christmas. The Italians are fresher and feistier. And once the Spanish people see how things are panning out, they’re not going to lie down and be raped: it’s not in their nature.
I didn't do that this Sunday morning. The thought (and this, I swear, is historic) never occurred. Because I had gone to sleep reading Buzz Bissinger's Father's Day, and, on waking, I was so wild in my want to finish the book that habit had no power over me. Subtitled A Journey Into the Mind & Heart of My Extraordinary Son, Buzz's book is a memoir about fatherhood and about a trip he took with his adult son, a second-born twin named Zach. Read the flap copy and you'll know why the story—about not wanting and getting, about bewilderment and exhilaration, about doing wrong and being wronged and loving hard and forever—should be important. Read the book to find out why it (absolutely, you-can't-deny-me-this) is.
Perhaps the BNP could win seats in the Lords under a proportional system, but that is democracy. The way to beat the BNP is to take them on in argument, not to rig the electoral system against them.
Millesime has also recently introduced the Petite Menu (3-courses for RM200++), Menu Gourmet (4-courses for RM220++) and Menu Degustation (5-courses for RM250++) which is available for dinner. Every Wed, a 4-course lunch menu with wine pairing (RM120 nett) is available and on Fridays, the Wine Lunch consists of 5-courses (RM150 nett) - weekly menus for the wine lunches are updated on their Facebook page.
1/4 cup of soy sauce
As for an all time favourite, possibly one of the stories of the giant Cormoran, whose body is said to lie under St Michael’s Mount in Cornwall, whether it was put there by his wife, Cormellian or Jack the Giantkiller. I’d choose it because I love to stand on the beach at Marazion and imagine the remains of the giant buried under the Mount in the bay.
But why would wealth and status decrease our feelings of compassion for others? After all, it seems more likely that having few resources would lead to selfishness. Piff and his colleagues suspect that the answer may have something to do with how wealth and abundance give us a sense of freedom and independence from others. The less we have to rely on others, the less we may care about their feelings. This leads us towards being more self-focused. Another reason has to do with our attitudes towards greed. Like Gordon Gekko, upper-class people may be more likely to endorse the idea that “greed is good.” Piff and his colleagues found that wealthier people are more likely to agree with statements that greed is justified, beneficial, and morally defensible. These attitudes ended up predicting participants’ likelihood of engaging in unethical behavior.
Q066) Do you have any desire to marry?
Overall, this is a book I highly recommend to anyone who loves adult fantasy and science fiction. This is fantasy at its very best. No, it's not a kids' book. And sure, the material is fine suited for teens, but this is truly an epic fantasy and is a true pleasure for those who love that sort of thing.
Wishing you good luck!
I was at school, one of the days I didn't skip.
List the number of tasks needed for each project and indicate their estimated timeframe of completion. If you are behind schedule, decisions have to be made whether to delay the project delivery or carry on to speed up the process.
Would you go to bed with me?"
I had done a post last year on the different series that I follow, and I thought I should revisit that subject and see how I'm doing. Short version: I'm not doing so great at completing series that I've already started, especially since several of them have already added new books since I last checked, and I've actually started following a few more... *facepalm*
If you do it yourself, all the above information still applies to you but you’ve already won half the battle because like I said, no one knows your book better than you but always remember Copyright. Designers have the luxury of belonging to image and vector licensing sites and having photographers in their speed dial. You don’t, you must pay for your images. You CANNOT copy other books or pull images of the web, even unintentionally. Copyright and licensing are tricky but most stock sites have good pages written by lawyers that explain it better than me.
Thank you for your consideration of my work.
2010.09.09 Pakistan Kurram 10 4 Militants murder ten bus passengers with an explosive device.
If you have not entered our birthday blog hop yet, what is stopping you?
GLENN CLOSE/JOHN MALKOVICH (Dangerous Liaisons)
My guide, Pak Oon (Mr. Oon) was very comprehensive. From the moment we left the ticket office, he was telling me all sorts of related stuff (including lots of dirty jokes, ew). We walked across the park and to the temple. Pak Oon told me about the scenes carved into the temple walls at each level as well as how the temple was restored. I took some photos of the fascinating art including Buddha sculptures, stupas and stories on the walls.
although it feels like winter as of lately here in NM
I glance over at Joe, and he has his – I told you so and you didn’t listen – face.
With all this being said, I have had regular beers in the past be Narragansett Lager, Heavy Seas Marzen, and Yuengling Amber Lager among many others. This isn't my first regular beer and it won't be my last. This just happens to be the regular beer of the moment. Here's to regular beers!
The people at CSN Stores were kind enough to give me a promotional code and this is what I chose from cookware.com:
2. You’d want someone who is technically trained, ideally a Class XII C/S. You’d want someone who has done a lot of auditing and C/Sing and has a good record of technical results. If they are going to make decisions that affect training and processing, you’d want them to know what they are talking about.
“Can I talk to Dr. Borden?”
By chance, I came across this talk “The Art of Engineering” given by James at MIT on April 26, 2006. I hope you will enjoy it as much as I do. (Note: The whole talk is great but James started to talk about his wonderful vacuum cleaner at around the 20 minutes mark.)
So now let’s look at what was involved in this journey with two adults in the front, two in the back and three children sat wherever they could get purchase.
Side effects can include headache, diarrhea, itch and rashes, pain, fatigue, soreness of the shoulder, and fever. An increase in symptoms of the specific illness may also occur. These symptoms can last from a week to six months. Starting the therapy with small doses can alleviate some of these side effects.
It was this line, specifically, that gave me goosebumps:
The AP Stylebook says different takes “from, not than”. National Geographic prefers different from “in virtually every construction” except when from “would require an elaborate construction”. Simon Heffer, who writes the Telegraph style guide (“different from”) declares that “Something is different from something else, not different to it and certainly not, as in one especially revolting usage, different than anything.” When one reacts so viscerally to variant prepositions, the risk of disgust is high indeed.
Consider these facts:
Asa was the first of eight ‘good’ kings in Southern Kingdom of Judah. The good kings would follow the ways of the Lord and in some instances seek to eliminate the places of idol worship thereby restoring true worship to the land. Asa sought to remove the perverted person’s from the land but failed in eliminating the high places of idol worship. If we desire to serve the Lord in the long term, every form of evil must be eliminated.
Kevin xx
The lens features a built-in, pull-out-type filter holder in its barrel. By placing the C-PL (circular polarizing) filter (40.5mm in diameter; included as an exclusive accessory) on this holder, the user can easily rotate the filter to obtain the desired polarizing effect.
that each of us would simmer down to the core as we share.
I felt like I was getting ready for the first day of school buying a composition book, a mixed media journal, a bristol pad, a new watercolour pad AND checking out all of the pen possibilities! Can you believe I have just bought my very first Copic? Lesson 5 was an exercise for our Loving Letters journals! So many of you do outstanding art journals, so just roll your eyes (privately of course LOL) at my attempts and know that I will likely get better LOL
gathering all of it? I know after Andrew wandered into
If this river flowing will ever dry ???
to find a place to live and check it out a bit more.
Inspired by Syfy’s popular Saturday Original Movies (Sharktopus, Mega Python Vs Gatoroid), players hunt down and capture a cadre of bizarre monsters to discover the dark secrets of their origins.
The woman arrived in a nearby town, Moshav Mata, with her hands tied and bleeding from her chest and back. She told people in the town that she had been stabbed by two Arab men while she was hiking in a valley nearby.
Watching the Charlie Sheen Roast where he goes off script, not only do we see a comic seemingly hitting his stride within the zeitgeist, but like Vick on the run, Kobe breaking off triangle, someone who's always at their best winging it on-the-fly. At 1:25 Patrice says to a black guy near the front row, "congratulations to you! look at the white woman you're with!" Ha. Do not try this at home!
Anyhoo, I registered to be a member in August and am enjoying it so far. I like having a record of how many words I've written, how fast I wrote them, if I got distracted, which words I wrote the most, and how I felt when I wrote it. Plus you earn points and cute badges for accomplishing goals, like writing three days in a row.
Successfully completed “Managing Information Technology Projects”, a Masters-level course sanctioned by George Washington University and McMaster University
If you read my last post you know I caught the Kitchenaid on fire making challah. I want to make more challah. Freshly baked challah smells heavenly. I tried making it by hand the week after I killed the appliance. The recipe called for 7 cups of flour but it was so sticky I kept adding more flour and ended up with at least 14 cups. It was hard to knead by hand and the texture from the cooked bread showed it.
I do not know why vote-catching gimmicks remind me of a mousetrap in which the poor creature, if it falls for the bait, is gone for good. It may be my psychic problem but the fact remains the elections are getting both hysterical and theatrical. The hype and hoopla associated with this momentous event in the life of the nation ends up recreating the atmosphere of a circus show or carnival.
The American Institute of Cancer's most recent press release (Nov. of 2007) reports clear evidence that excess body-weight drastically increases the risk of most cancers.
Although a comic novel there’s a darkness beneath it especially with menacing figures like Carl, how much of this came from your own experience of school days and the adolescent ‘jungle’? I went to secondary school in the 1990s, which though it wasn’t that long ago chronologically feels, from this vantage, almost prehistoric. So many interesting things have happened since then – the internet, the war on terror, mobile phones, X-Factor – and I wanted to write about those things. For all their supposed privilege, I think in some ways the kids in Skippy have a harder time than my generation did. Their world is so much more mediated, the forces of capitalism have a much tighter stranglehold on them so they have even more impossible expectations to try and fail to live up to. Compared to now, my time in school was quite benign. Certainly, it was a jungle, and there were large, terrifying creatures with BO lurking around every corner. But if you were fast, you could outrun them. How can you outrun Facebook?
Brooks: because he’s a lot of fun
We talked. And kissed. Then he asked me
In Perelandra by CS Lewis, the main character feels rage at the Devil, who has taken over a human being and is tempting a new Eve on Venus. And he has the sense that this is what anger is for, that this anger is pure and right and this energy invigorates him.
It said scores of countries faced the possibility of social unrest, particularly those in the EU and the Arab region.
The Gradys are back. And so is their archenemy.
If you don’t know what folding is, basically it is the repetitive act of taking a spatula and drawing a line through the center of your mixture, then coming around the side of the bowl back to the center and repeat as necessary. You want to be very gentle so as not to deflate your egg whites. It was a lot of hassle to get the egg whites into proper form. Don’t let that work go to waste! Now that you’re all folded in and the mixture has almost doubled in size, go ahead and pour into your dish.
I have entered what I like to call, the "Gender Twilight Zone"
What we want from a playoff is killer matchups, a true display of conference vs conference to eliminate (or foster) bias for SEC (if they really are the best, let’s prove it and let them own it, I just never see it when they play USC), a spot for all 6 big conferences, room for more teams who are deserving in the public opinion.
Into every single thing you say.
I'm ready to go home, though.
Not so much words today. Just pictures to show.
“An elf! At the airport! That’s great!” So now I was envisioning hobo santa with his midget tag-along digging through the airport’s trash bins.
“Shit, man. I was hoping something big happened,” said Mbutu Kwambe, a 35-year-old trader in Zimbabwe’s capital city, Harare. “I waited outside, with my laptop and TV on, to see if any alien would appear to take over the planet or if Armageddon would happen. Zilch. What a waste of good numbers.”
Oh my…
Somewhere in there I thought the whiskey flavor had tailed off. I added 300ml at kegging originally, so I doubled that and added 600ml. Shortly after, I saw the condensation line at about halfway down the keg. It meant I added double the whiskey to half the batch - 4 times the original addition. It took a bit for the whiskey to come down, but it was very well received at a band practice night in March.
For all the problems with statistics and statisticians, an evidence-based approach to social conditions did have its uses, even if the immediate conclusions of people like Edgell Wyatt-Edgell were censorious. Statistics were not only used by the government to classify and control the poor: High death rates from poor sanitation could cost civic officials their jobs. And statistics were a medium through which the poor became visible in a new way to those higher on the social scale.
Remember too: they are also subject to the same laws of physics as cars, motorcycles and you-
-Grocery shopping
Very Good in Good Dust Wrapper. A little rubbing to the edges of the dust wrapper with a nick to the head of the spine.
moral of the story: Go to I-CON. (And look for me. I’ll be dressing up next year, for sure!)
Adopting Puma is part of an army effort to find micro-UAVs that are more effective than current models, and just as easy to use. The Puma, a 5.9 kg (13 pound) UAV with a 2.6 meter (8.5 feet) wingspan and a range of 15 kilometers from the operator, has proved to be the next big (or micro) thing the army was looking for. The orders this year have largely been in response to combat commanders realizing how useful Puma is and wanting more, as quickly as possible. This is not surprising as SOCOM (Special Operations Command) has already ordered over a hundred systems (each with three UAVs and two controllers) since 2008.
Which is your most beautiful post?
This is my shelter
To the rescue -- Carol Kocian, independent scholar and stocking maven is traveling north to share with us her vast knowledge period hosiery! She'll be joining us for our first Sunday Hive to give us a introduction to period stockings, but that's only going to scratch the surface of this neglected subject so she has kindly agreed to do two workshops on Saturday January 14th, for those of you who want to learn about stockings in greater depth and learn how to make stockings that create a better period appearance.
By 1975, the band had broken up.
Here is the unpublished opinion. The underlying dispute apparently is the usual and accustomed fishing area of the Lummi Indian Tribe.
I’ll cut to the good part if you don’t feel like reading the whole thing. We qualified 127 Outlaw Way followers for Regionals. That’s by my count (I’ve done it a couple times), and that’s including Masters. This is by no means a completed list, but is a good start. Read on…
The extensive menu with grill nights on Wednesdays and curry nights on Thursdays caters for all tastes, with pub classics from £2.99 to slow-cooked belly pork with mash for £6.69. The dessert menu is also inviting, with a giant chocolate fudge cake and sticky toffee pudding on offer.
And when you get the chance
We, as a family, don't embrace or practice any one religion. Even when I had a religious practice, it wasn't one that had any overt rituals -- many discreet, personal ones, but not really any big celebrations. At first, it was enough just to separate ourselves from the trappings of that religion. In the years since, tho, I've wondered if we're all missing something, by not keeping to many -- if any -- of the cultural traditions we both grew up with. We've never made a big fuss about Santa or the Easter Bunny, or even the Tooth Fairy. I'm sure my mom-in-law thinks I'm somewhat remiss in those areas.
My Mocha Imperial Stout and Scottish 90 Ale are on tap and delicious. (My "Scottish 90" is just slightly stronger than an 80, hence the name). The Stout has a very complex taste profile. Or at least that's what some homebrewing buddies and a few "red wine snobs" have told me. I just know that I like it a lot. The Scottish has exquisite mouthfeel and flavor. Both of these brews are exceptionally tasty. I limit myself to up to one 12-ounce glass per day, to prevent "self-mummification."
reality is dependent on the current valid premisses & definitions defined by the participants in the reality
If you can fund this (future) World Championship Team, please contact Don Pentecost @ 480-686-2125. I reside in the Scottsdale, Arizona (USA) area. I do not need to talk to any “posers” or wanna be investors, etc…You can also email me @ visionn2action@yahoo.com , and make sure that you put ” motorsport investor” in the subject line, or it will be instantly deleted.
I am shown around this old dormitory building by my colleague. He points out old features which, though no longer used, still remain. Between our recruitment presentations I look out the windows of a second floor corridor. There is a kindergarten next door. I can see the children playing in the yard. The emperors also attended there. The kids are being taken through their exercises. They jump and squat and stretch and march. They are bursting with energy. By the partition is a cherry blossom tree in full bloom. Cherry blossoms inspire awe in Japan. What astonishes me is just how astonished the Japanese are by these sakura. They watch them appear as though they had never seen them before, and gasp in wonder as if they had not expected this to happen. Apparently it is their transience which makes them sublime. They bloom. They explode into life; pink and white. They are beautiful. The nation rejoices. Then, almost as quickly, the wind strips the trees of them. They float down and land on the ground and in the rivers, and soon they are gone. They are fleeting. Therein lies their beauty.
The Pope has challenged world leaders by claiming that the people of the world already recognize the absolute authority of Rome because they observe the Sunday Sabbath that was ordered by the Pope in the Council of Laodicea (A.D. 364). The original Ten Commandments given Moses by God ordered that we should: Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it Holy. Six days shalt thou labor, and do all thy work: but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God; in
Before we all start thinking of Hugh Grant, let me say than I am going to focus on the novel for this post. I love Nick Hornby because even if his prose is nothing extraordinary he tells really original stories with very peculiar characters that I really enjoy. About a boy is one of my favorites because it is sweet and leaves you with a bit of faith in humanity and the world.
Sorry for my tyrant there, the whole food thing sorta got away from me. Back to my workouts, so from now on I'll try to post the link to the video of exercises I did so you can see someone doing them. I don't always do the exact video, some times I take different exercises and make up my own workout so I'll explain those to you when I do.
I had wanted to make strawberry ice cream to go with it also, but forgot to put my ice cream freezer bowl in the freezer that day, so it wouldn't have been cold enough in time to make ice cream in time. Angie had the brilliant idea to make a strawberry whipped cream to go with it instead, which turned out to be a delicious compliment to the tart. And it was so simple - after whipping the heavy cream with a bit of confectioner's sugar, I added pureed strawberries to taste, and whipped it until just combined.
Few days lends themselves better to some chill music listening than Sunday, especially Sunday mornings. To celebrate, here’s fifteen of the best songs to come down to on a Sunday morning.
Oh, that’s funny, I noticed you when you walked in.
The Cup and the Crown (I'll be giving this away on the blog soon!)
Billy Talbot - bass, vocals
Get your wallet out
Come see me at KatieSchwartz.com - I'm publishing my humor essays, a few rants and other annoying things. Oh, and some updates - Good stuff? You decide.
They say something like, 'Don't run. We want to play!'
Crawford was a high school superstar in Los Angeles and expected to tear up the major leagues with the Dodgers. He was signed by a previous wearer of No. 27, Lasorda. Although Crawford exhibited his terrific natural ability with L.A., he was relegated to a platoon role most of his career and never became a star player.
Christchurch, New Zealand
sliced mushrooms (2-3 cup)
Here are some of the supply:
It’s like my health teacher from high school said: There’s eastern medicine and then there’s western medicine. (Not a direct quote). In other words, in the west (America and Western Europe), we tend to cover up our problems as opposed to finding the source of our problems, as they do in the East. The mother relies on a computer software to make her family appear relaxed and well-mannered. Until she actually solves the problems with her family (which is rather easy), the family will always have to struggle to take these pictures. Here are some screenshots:
Flowers and ribbon from Stash.
To serve, place a portion of pasta in the center of 4 large plates. Arrange 2 thighs around each serving of pasta and drizzle lemon garlic cooking liquid over the pasta. Garnish with additional parsley and serve immediately.
1 pound ground beef
It saddens me to think that virtually nothing has changed for the better in US foreign policy since Carl Oglesby spoke on the Mall that day. America’s wars are ongoing, perpetual, eternal. And the current war monger in the White House is regarded by many as a liberal, for whatever that’s worth.
You can only update your Google contact list via PC because the mobile browsers just won’t let you do that. Unless you know the trick, please teach me that (wiggling a tail)!
The last noteworthy occurrences are pertaining to my wonderful school. We now have our own hashtag on Twitter, called #DUprobz. This has been expanded to a Twitter account, also named @DUprobz . The profile picture is of Bob Barker, former host of “The Price is Right” and also a Drury graduate. After about one week, @DUprobz has almost 250 followers, which is like 1/6 of the school probably. Some of my favorites:
Tomorrow is Monday and I love to go back to work. Perhaps that is worth more than a paycheck :)
So THANKS, MOM! I love you!
I must admit she was a dream to colour in using as usual my copics.I think I may use my derwent pencils soon as they haven't come out of the case since I bought them last year and its cruel not to let them see the light of day isn't it, and I do like the effect of pencils and other mediums.(dreamy moment)
Struck me while reading you that philanthropy could do well to think of addressing difficulties and get over the idea of solving problems. Certainly that would be a boon to theatres, if the dreamers up of grants and initiatives could have that view.
This exchange by commenters on the Brownstoner blog is just a taste of the ongoing, contentious conversation about gentrification that Brooklynites have been hashing out for a long time. Years before Jonathan Butler’s popular Brownstoner blog, there was a newsletter called The Brownstoner circulating Downtown Brooklyn, right around the same time a London sociologist coined the term “gentrification” in 1964.
Dangerous territory here as a lot of bloggers reading this may disown me. But truthfully, I have pondered over the odd over hyped beer and thought I'd rather just be down the pub drinking bitter 'x' from brewery 'x'. Are extreme beer just too extreme? For me, sometimes, but the majority of double IPAs, imperial porters and oak aged barley wines are great in small doses.
But I am forced to live in today.
An effective response to the violations of the rights of LBGTI people has to be more nuanced than the mere imposition of donor sanctions. The history of colonialism and sexuality cannot be overlooked when seeking solutions to this issue. The colonial legacy of the British Empire in the form of laws that criminalize same-sex sex continues to serve as the legal foundation for the persecution of LGBTI people throughout the Commonwealth. In seeking solutions to the multi-faceted violations facing LGBTI people across Africa, old approaches and ways of engaging our continent have to be stopped. New ways of engaging that have the protection of human rights at their core have to recognize the importance of consulting the affected.
This amazing flying church comes complete with little wooden pews on the inside.
But she has three fantastic roommates (best friends or her worst nightmare?) and a wholesome California-girl reputation (oops) and brains and beauty and big, big dreams.
- Ah hove san many a few palls keelt in a math-lob act-splosion! – Went Party Time, lamentingly.
"Degenerate sons of manlier sires
Perhaps you might bring your large comforters to the laundromat, bring your drapes and winter coats to the dry cleaners, store your winter clothes and bring your warm-weather clothes out of hiding or check the smoke detectors.
But how to prepare off-the-grid espresso? I usually don´t bother.
My favourite part of the room is the world map wall mural with the string and photos showing the families trips overseas.
Closing Comments
3. The Asian/Chinese century
cease than ever truly begin,
"Focus on Nature XI: Natural History Illustration opens April 12 at the New York State Museum, showcasing world-class, juried artwork by top illustrators from 13 countries," says the official press release.
"It was a beautiful day today."
Boston Beer Company (Samuel Adams) Samuel Adams White Ale
As an act of self-preservation, Germany will be forced to either exit the euro outright or cloak its withdrawal with a "euro 1 and euro 2" scheme, a scenario I first laid out in March 2010: Why the Euro Might Devolve into Euro1 and Euro2 (March 2, 2010). Other recent entries on the end-state of the European debt crisis:
But what could this possibly mean? If an Egyptian-born radical Muslim who incited violence against non-Muslims, advocated global jihad, and was implicated in a variety of terrorism-related activities could be British, then we are forced to one of two conclusions. The first is that the category of the British citizen had degenerated to the point where it was compatible with these activities, in which case it would be hard to see why it should be granted any significance. The other is that the state was simply wrong, and that, legal issues notwithstanding, Abu Hamza was not British. Either way, the currency of citizenship would have been debased, with a British passport ‘just not worth what it used to be.’
Varies, on fingertips throughout scalp and hair (nickel-size or sparingly)
Other respondents lavished praise on a “closely argued stylish effort” (for which, of course, they did not care to make an effort).
In Yemen, sharia law was instated in 1913, worsening the situation of the dhimmi. Decrees specifying forced conversion for orphans were issued between 1922 and 1928, while Jews were excluded from public service positions and the army.
In addition, I’ve done some re-branding of the two components of SILVA. Fight Level has been renamed “Win Quality” to reflect its purpose of estimating a fighter’s ability to beat elite competition. rAP has been renamed “Win Consistency,” because that’s exactly what it attempts to estimate. I think (hope) these terms will be much less confusing than they were before.
**Mom got effed up on Christmas Eve. Shocker.
Boypra
The main aim of the show is to raise awareness of fostering and adoption through the sterling work the British Association for Adoption & Fostering (BAAF) and to do this through song. To be honest the whole concert was a big highlight as it showed the power of youngsters and music. But picking a few personal highlights first up would be the superb rendition of Foreigner’s ‘I Want To Know What Love Is’. This really benefited from the massed choir and the four soloists gave their all. Echelford School pupil Boaz Dopembu led the singing on a rousing run through ‘Oh Happy Day’ backed by the Hot Gospel choir, who seemed to be wearing clothes last seen in co-host Rick Wakeman’s wardrobe. Boaz is only nine but has the stage presence of someone much, much older and what a voice.
Acidstorm: for his help and support
When I went back to work after Easter I found that my hours had been changed.
(a new word I’ve seen used in magazines lately)
like so many
2 Bell's White Winter Ale, 12oz
Britain’s liberal and pitiful open borders policy has allowed a tidal wave of child-trafficking, voodoo-murder, slavery, rape and forced prostitution. The Guardian newspaper reports that thousands of children are smuggled into Britain every year. “Many trafficked children are not perceived to be valuable,” said Christine Beddoe, director of child protection charity Ecpat UK. Children can fetch as little as £300, although Scotland Yard believes some have been sold for as much as £16,000.
Silence was a major theme in the work of Redon.
When that first kiss ended he said: “One of those isn’t going to be enough” At that point a tiny tiny crack formed in the six inch veneer I’ve managed to cover my heart with over the last three years.
Maja definitely got the snow she wanted, I just hope they're both okay with a relaxing holiday versus an action packed one. Then again, I guess a four months pregnant lady probably wasn't planning an adventure holiday to begin with.
Once rolled, fresh pasta should be dusted with semolina (preferably) or flour to keep it from sticking if you’re not going to cook it right away. You can lay it on a semolina- or flour-dusted baking sheet or linen kitchen towel, until ready to boil. Or drape it over a suspended rolling pin or pasta drying rack until ready to use.
Eight cities
A lesson from the past we may recall
The interesting about the Tales series lately is that they have included many interesting DLCs like custom costumes for characters which takes reference from other games or anime. I’m not sure if it will be the same for the English port over but I’ve seen many interesting costumes appear on the Japan side.
Molson Breweries Of Canada. Ltd. Molson Canadian Lager
7 tbsp lemon juice (~3.4 oz., or 100 mls, or ~3 lemons' worth)
The lighting in the after described room seems to come from everywhere at once; there is no light source - no torch, no lantern, no focus. Both Andrej and Lukas can guess that the illumination derives from a continual light spell.
As 2011 draws to a close, and I continue to chomp my way through the amazing food in Hong Kong - I thought it time for a little "Blog Sorbet", a virtual palate cleanser if you will - before I dive into recaps of all the great eats this holiday.
Many world travel guides offer all the info you could possibly need during your vacation in Italy. Flights to the accounting jobs in italy with its scrumptious cuisine, piazzas, monuments, churches, museums and landmarks. Unique museums featuring cars, entertainment, science and technology, and archeology are scattered throughout the accounting jobs in italy a pre-paid Italy SIM card allows you to SIM unlock your cell phone, you will need accommodation in all the accounting jobs in italy an obvious choice for anyone planning a vacation in Italy. Therefore, your home service provider charges your incoming calls which you will visit the accounting jobs in italy of Nex Tignet, which looks like it came from a fairy tale!
Feels like she’s been pregnant for 10 years.
North Coast Brewing Co. Brother Thelonious
After the laughter died down from the Chairman’s Nephew’s pristine roundhouse air kicks, Starkwell and Lovelock got bored. Real bored. And no amount of guys in rubber zombie suits would be able to change that. Every now and then it fades to black like it’s going to cut to commercials. Lovelock says “I could go for a commercial right about now”.
Finally, I’ll say that the word immortal is used in a couple of ways in the book. Immortal can refer to the cells and their ability to grow in culture. It can also refer to something spiritual. As such, it is the word that perfectly emphasizes the disconnect between the doctors and scientists and the Lackses. Many of the scientists and doctors in the book, save for the courageous Christophe Lengauer, see only the scientific definition of the word. But the family struggles and desires to understand the spiritual side—that they believed their mother, a real person, was granted some sort of immortality. When her cousin sings and prays with Deborah, we witness a spiritual connection to Henrietta up close. We end the book knowing it is not just the cells that were immortal. It’s a beautiful moment.
You are complete, the completeness that has come from completeness.
The bad thing is Scream 4’s weakness is the strength of the other installments--the returning cast. Sidney, Dewey, and Gail are back for a fourth go around with a brand new Ghostface who needs yet another reason to murder his victims. Seriously, what do these guys and girls have to have done in life to get three different people willing to don a costume in order to murder them? Someone else thinks Sidney has ruined his life enough to merit murdering her? Geez, hon. Maybe its you who are the problem. Not that I could blame sweet Neve Campbell for anything. I still have a thing for her lingering from the ‘90’s.
There’s much fuzz on what was the Damned’s best record ever – their debut Damned Damned Damned or this one, their third. Honestly, I am more partial with their debut but I totally enjoy Machine Gun as well. Anyways, I’m known to change my opinion regarding which is the best album of a particular band, but right now it is STILL Damned Damned Damned.
On April the 19th 2011, Sony became aware that the Playstation Network (PSN) and their Qriocity service had been compromised, leading to unauthorised access to customer’s information. This led to them shutting down the 2 networks the following day as a precaution. Without mentioning the hack, they explained that the disruption was being taken care of and that it’d be “A full day or two” before the switches were flipped and services would resume as normal. A week later, they admitted there’d been a breach and 27 days later, in a staggered roll-out, the new and improved PSN was unleashed on the world.
I went through lots and lots…it even changed titles at one point. I re-wrote it so many times and it was tough - but I knew with each revision it was getting better.
In answer to your question – I guess I spent quite a bit of time creating and tweaking the rules of the world. Because I had previously been writing books about faeries and had so much folklore to draw on, this was an opportunity to make up something very different. I wanted the magic to feel thematically tied to the crime element. And also, because the world is an “open fantasy” where everyone knows about magic, I wanted magic to impact the world. I think my favorite thing was figuring out that people wore gloves all the time – and then imagining the way that bare hands would become taboo.
No panties
CONTROL
and a rather exciting character to a kid.
And not only does the elite Mainstream Media ignore the story, thereby shielding the Obama administration from answering for Operation Fast and Furious or many other administration scandals, they actually take an active role in promulgating the latest messages put out by the Obama Whitehouse. One recent blatant example will suffice. Most viewers were bewildered at the Republican primary debate on January 20, when moderator George Stephanopoulos of ABC News asked, and continued to ask, seemingly off-topic questions about the candidates' views on, of all possible subjects, birth control.
Make social everyone’s job: As powerful as we’ve heard social media is, it doesn’t work when you lock it in a closet and make it Marketing’s job. Or IT’s. Or the job of that new intern you just hired. Social media is everyone’s job because everyone in your organization is touching your customers in one way or another. Maybe they’re answering the service line when they call. Or they’re writing content to engage them on your Web site. Or they’re meeting them face-to-face to perform a service. By integrating social media tasks into your employees’ day you make your company more accountable to what they’re providing to your customers and more aware. A company that’s constantly engaging is a company today’s consumer wants to be associated with.
Spam hit the Wordpress site almost as soon as I put it up. The first-comment-approval system catches all of it, other than the bits the spam-filter takes away. Spam is platform-independent unfortunately, no matter where you go, the spammers follow. I'll keep an eye on the Wordpress spam filter in case it gets over-zealous!
Talking to K about his accident, I finally got the whole story, and I can understand why PO never gave me all the details- I'd be embarassed too. Apparently, no one checked if the trailer was locked, and the trailer didn't have a butt bar. HOW do you NOT check if your trailer door is locked?! There are accidents, and then there are preventable mistakes. Going down the road at 45mph he finally came unbalanced and fell out. A lady had to chase them down to stop them and tell them they had lost a horse. HOW do you not notice your horse fell out of the trailer? He is so incredibly lucky he didn't get hit by a car. His knees (where he still has scars) were skinned down to the bone and the rest of him was covered in raw spots and road rash. *sigh* The life this horse has had... Another fun story from the life of Pie- I finally discovered why he has always been so good when he steps on his lead (he lifts his head, feels he's stuck, and just steps off and moves on). Apparently when he was younger, being a high strung thoroughbred, he used to tear around the paddock like a madman. What did they do to slow him down? Turned him out with a halter and 8 foot lead attached. Turned him out like that with the express intent of having him step on it and trip himself to a stop. I understand some...methods...horse people use aren't always widely accepted, but is this kind of thing accepted ANYWHERE? Who does this? He could have broken his neck! It worked though- I've never seen him run around his pasture.
I have been called a Luddite
It’s not as crazy a world as Pratchett’s but I think it can hold an enormous amount of cookies!
LILLIES - I love lillies, there is something so evocative and mysterious about them. They can be pure simplicity, they can be magnificent, flamboyant beauty. My favourite flowers are St Joseph's and Stargazer Lillies.
The band never actually “broke up” as it were. It sort of stalled. I left the band before 'Might-ay White-ay' came out, so I can’t say specifically what ended it, but ya know, it’s the oldest story in rock and roll, isn’t it?
As you can see, while her influence is beginning to hold sway over the system, it is not an all-encompassing, order inducing influence. Unfortunately, mom’s influence only spreads so far as she specifies with letter-perfect exactness, detailing each and every item in need of attention.
My first pet peeve is two tied into one..
My only criticism is that Prue Leith spent too much time discussing the food the characters were eating – or cooking! I suppose this is understandable as she made a great name for herself as a cook and restaurant owner.
Brett is staying home with the boys whilst this Mummy goes to a Tupperware party with girls.
1 tablespoon unsalted butter
Pour water in pot and bring to a boil. Add turnips, kei chic, yuk chuk and longan fruits. Boil for one and a half hour. Add salt to taste and turn off the heat. The Vegetarian Chinese Herbal Soup is best eaten with steam rice.
Oh, and one of my favourite games at the time, that I played in the privacy of my own room on my ZX Spectrum was....'My name is Uncle Groucho, you win a fat cigar'. Seriously. Catchy game name, huh?!
Spitzer’s 2001 study was a surprise and created a media firestorm because he had previously led the charge in 1972-73 to remove homosexuality from the list of mental disorders in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual (DSM) of the American Psychiatric Association (APA). Spitzer, now 80, admits he was proud of having been instrumental in removing homosexuality from the list of mental disorders.
Bonny Doon Erbaluce- Erbaluce (err-ba-loo-chay) is an obscure white grape from Italy’s Northern Piedmont region. It produces acidic wines with ample fruit- lots of lemon, white peach and a little pear and apple, with some underlying herbal tones . The taste is fresh and crisp. It would make for yet another excellent summer wine on a nice warm day.
10. You reach your last day and discover you could have been a leader and left this world so much better than you found it. But you refused to accept that mission because you were just too scared. And so you failed. And wasted a life.
“Why couldn’t you see this and tell me earlier?” I asked.
OF COURSE Islam isn’t a Religion of Peace! BUT NEITHER IS CHRISTIANITY! Does that mean I shouldn’t trust everyone anyone who says Christianity is a religion of peace? I guess that means I can’t trust any politician. WHOA! What an epiphany!
It does not appear Blogger allows you to do this without converting your entire template into HTML.
Finally, as the end of my 121 approached this morning, I told Mr Therapist that my friends had been encouraging me to write him a letter over the past few days, but how I was rather proud of myself for actually talking about the issues 1-on-1 rather than hiding behind the contents of a letter. It made him smile and he commented it was good progress. As I was leaving, I said he needed to bring in some books for the bookcase, and I could happily lend him a few if he wanted! Perhaps I will buy him a pot plant…
A lot of these questions will never be answered (or at least, not in writing. Or out loud). But one think I did want to answer was the last question. My childhood was filled with English books, thanks to a half-english mother and a desperate need to devour everything that looked like a sentence. Growing up in Norway I did of course read Norwegian books as well, but less and less as I grew older. And so, after my last, Ibsen-filled Norwegian class I turned my back on Norwegian literature, and focused my attentions unbrokenly on the vast English canon. To me, Norwegian books had a whiff of the spartan, of the frugal, of the depressive. Even the funny ones were funny in a full-stop, don’t-talk-to-much-or-your-tongue-will-freeze, one-sentence-for-every-shot-of-vodka kind of funny.
I do feel bad for the author, who is probably paying a premium for this inept service--but on the other hand, I suspect he may not have done his homework.
Coalwood has hosted an anual festival to celebrate celebrates the three years, 1957 to 1960
Hi everyone. How's the Christmas shopping coming along? I got some more done yesterday - whoo hooo, almost there!!!!
The cost-of-living pay has to be slashed. Instead, resources should be redirected to improving training and prospects for career development.
Next, keep it simple. You never know when you may have to alight a bucking bronco. The combination of a body con skirt and turquoise knickers meant the punters in an establishment-that-shall-remain-nameless got a sideshow with their beer chasers. “Only a few people watching,” I thought to myself, forgetting the whole episode was caught on a 42” widescreen TV in the inside bar. Gulp.
But was she telling the truth or just trying to embellish her story for money? After her story was revealed, Judith was called everything from a party girl, to a call girl in various biographies of JFK. What better way to bolster her reputation than to claim that her real reason for hanging out with mobsters was because she was a go-between for the President of the United States? Sounds much better than just being a woman who fell for inappropriate men, who liked to walk a little bit on the wild side doesn’t it? Her story also dovetailed neatly with the conspiracy theorists who believe that the mob was involved with JFK’s death. The revelations that the CIA had hired Roselli and Giancana to help assassinate Castro also lent credence to her story.
Hey, it's another unnecessary boondoggle pushed for by Bloomberg and the EDC! You know what that means. Actually, this one is wasting time and money because Jerrold Nadler accepted tens of thousands of dollars from lobbyists for the railroad industry and because it benefits the communities he represents in Manhattan. Maybe the talking heads who are so concerned about the effects of increasing truck traffic - which their own study says will increase even more WITH the tunnel - can explain how we're going to pay for this when we have no money for any other rail project in the foreseeable future.
However, there are plenty of gaps still to be filled in the above account, which I’ve tried to acknowledge as I went along. The biggest omission here is an analysis of so-called ‘thick’ normative concepts. These are concepts which combine both descriptive and evaluative content, such as courage, cruelty, kindness, silliness, etc. The real issue with these concepts is to whether or not these different dimensions of their content can be separated out. My own intuition is that the answer to this is yes and no. I think that it must be possible to use the resources provided above to analyse the specific evaluative content of these concepts, to unpack the norms and values implicit within them. However, at the same time, I don’t think that doing so necessarily amounts to showing that the things they pick out are entirely objectively describable independently of this normative dimension. This might sound contradictory, but I think the crucial additional thing to take into account is the fact that concepts are revisable, that their content can change. I’ve discussed the importance of such revision in securing the possibility of objectivity before (see the TR essay). However, the kind of revision that objective concepts undergo is forced upon them by observation claims about the world (although this isn’t quite true for mathematical concepts, but I’ll ignore that here), whereas these are non-objective concepts whose revision is governed by our own authority (although the way it is so governed may vary). My hypothesis is thus that the inseparability of the descriptive and evaluative dimensions of thick normative concepts stems from the fact that the evaluative dimension plays an important role in the revision of the concept, including its descriptive part. However, this is still a very rough idea, and needs working out in much more detail.
This picture shows how I placed the pliers right in the center of the petal and wrapped it around the pliers. After I shaped all the flowers, I used my heat gun to dry them. Once they are dry, they hold their shape really well. I layered three flowers to create the "fluffy" flower. One large delicate snowflake and one small sun were glued together to create the stamen. I used brown card stock for the stamen and added gold to the points.
Number of Processors: 1
An adventure in my car visiting some of you.
So the snakecharmer begins a snaky sphere
I’m a beer drinker. Always have been. Never really into spirits and wine just ain’t my thing. Beer. Good beer and good company and I’m set.
"Think of your spine ending inside your head, not at the top of your neck, and feel your head floating there atop the spine," my Alexander teacher tells me as she helps me relearn the posture of a child, one of many tactics of a strategy I am waging to alleviate the pain of repetitive strain injury that radiates from my hands up to my neck. So I focus on the essence of that physical relationship, and the unlikelihood of carrying around an eight-pound weight upon something as thin as a spine, like a Chinese circus performer balancing a white plate vertically on the end of a stick. It is almost easier to picture my head invisible, like those of vestal virgins standing in stone along the lane of the Roman Forum. Those heads are gone from their bodies—weightless in their absence—yet their essence remains, sacred in memory and imagination. However I think of it, there needs to be mindfulness of my head and spine as one, in flow.
Unfortunately, many of the best private schools originate in charitable institutions which took in the poor (in an era when wealthier children were educated at home, by tutors), which makes all discussion of destroying them totally unpalatable. That’s a shame, because clearly private schools are taking a lion’s share of the best teachers and resources, and the old argument that people putting their children in private schools saves the government money just doesn’t stack up—certainly not when that 7 per cent is clustered in particular bits of the country, with plenty of areas probably approaching a state school enrolment rate of 100 per cent.
As he wrote in “Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences” those with the aggression-related form of the gene responded to the pictures with increased activity in the amygdala – the brain area that detects danger, but less activity in the cingulate cortex – the brain region that is believed to control aggression.
So I had given a few of you a little sneak peek of our latest product on our Facebook page. Not a fan of our page yet (shame on you!)? Click here and it will take you there. All you have to do is click 'LIKE' and you are in! And then YOU can be the first to know!!
Morning everyone I know it has been a while since my last post but you see a lot has happened since then. The same day I did my last post my beautiful Nana who has been battling illness for a few years suffered kidney failure and the heartbreaking decision was made to put her into palliative care. The following afternoon aged 79 years old my Nana lost her battle. My Nana has been a huge part of our lives (as I am sure many of your Nana's have been to you) and I have not taken this very easily. Although we knew it was coming the reality of no longer having her to visit and knowing that she will never walk into a room again is heart breaking.
And one more Singing Nun
As before, don’t let yourself be distracted by her long, healthy, flowing, mesmerizing cascading hair. It’s her trademark.
yourself and your life the higher you will raise your vibration.
Come on down to the bar with me
*If you use "seasoned" rice vinegar, check the label before adding the sugar because often it already contains some form of sweetener.
Fuller's London Pride Pale Ale— An incredibly well balanced beer. I think that for me this represents the quintessential example of a British pale ale. Smooth, not overly hoppy or overpoweringly malty. Classic British flowerly hop presence. Perfectly balanced and every sip a pleasure. Incredibly good.
Personally, I think Luck will have the better career, and the Rams will trade their pick to the Seahawks.
2:30 – 3:30 pm Community Building (panel) Room 107Meet Kyla from No Depression, Aaron from Shurman, Hal from Echo Music and Michele Flannery from YouTube and Me Shilah... We will all be on hand to discuss the importance of and the how to’s of building community with fellow artists, fans and industry.
Battle of the Bulbs ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
6. Charles Bronson - Skate For God
I returned defeated to bed. DH had heard me and he held me tight as I cried for a long while. Finally, I got back to sleep by telling myself I needed to wait for the official baby club rejection call.
Step 1 - In a medium saucepan, combine butter, water, pumpkin pie spice, vanilla, and food coloring. Heat slowly, stirring until butter melts. At no time should this mixture simmer or boil.
The worst was in speech classes. It was common to hear student saying “raid” as he read “red”. Most of the students say “mum” instead of “ma’am”. Many teachers corrected mispronunciation but many teachers also mispronounced words. What a mess!
FORT WORTH
I pulled out one of my new MME 6x6 paper pads which are perfect for creating cards. I used the Scrapmatts Ornate frame and backed it with pp to frame my sentitment then used some of our versatile new flowers, which I inked to match the paper and layered. I then inked and highlighted with Kindyglitz some of our new Leaf chippies and of course I had to add one of my favourites the little Butterfly chippies.
our women have given up on getting their men to do what they want until they find a how to book written by Steve Harvey. They start using his advice about relationships, and their men start falling in line, until the men discover what the women have been doing, then the war is on. I attended a near-midnight screening of this movie with pretty much the same expectations as I would have for Tyler Perry movies in general. I quite like Tyler Perry movies but this movie is beyond comparison.
Other items that will need to be addressed during the month of May include:
Yogurts, non-sweetened use maple syrup for sweetener.
2. Cancelling/rescheduling appointments too often. Patients are understanding when a doctor needs to cancel or reschedule but not if it happens too often. This was highlighted in the recent trial of Dr. Conrad Murray, whose former patient testified that after two follow-up appointments were cancelled he felt that the doctor blew him off. The patient never followed up with Dr. Murray again.
PT Alstom Power Energy Systems Indonesia
Things came to a head when we attempted to attack a boat full of tourists that we'd come across on our circular travels. Bearspit informed us that not only had we run out of food, but we had run out of stuff that vaguely resembled food and so the time had come for some piracy. He made it sound so casual. The crew armed themselves with the swords that Moonfaced Austin had made from discarded rope while I desperately racked my brains for a means of escape. We caught up with our prey as they headed in to port and, as the tourists happily snapped away with their cameras, Captain Bearspit and the crew of the Flimsy Floozy attempted to board the targeted vessel. One by one they jumped, missed the deck, and plunged into the sea. As the people on the sight-seeing cruise clapped and cheered, the captain of that boat made a call to shore and informed the coast guard. Within an hour, we were all picked up and taken to the nearest police station. When our day in court came, a series of thunderous outbursts from our brave leader (including "SEND US TO PRISON IF YOU MUST, BUT WE ARE ALL PIRATES AND WE WILL NEVER STOP PIRATING!") led to us being convicted of Attempted Piracy and we were each sentenced to 5 years detention in HMP Southampton.
1 q
Just more shades in the alphabet of colour and my storm,
“The difference between violence and non-violence resides in the heart.”
you did not think to enquire,
They are also hosting a poster design contest if you think you have the skills to pay the bills scope out their contest page!
Thank you again to all of you.
Friday evening after dinner, my husband seemed to be asleep sitting up in his hospital bed, but his demeanor was strange. I ignored it for a little while, but when it didn’t change, I was sure something was wrong. I called Hospice and described what I saw, and the nurse instructed me to call 911.
People always talk about how difficult this recipe is, but I think if you take my advice on #3 it's actually quite straightforward. You also need to make sure you've got the correct sized rammekins, and some single ovenproof dishes (like the ones shown in the recipe) to bake them in the 2nd time.
Today, I’d like to share a running club which would be referred to as a running family. The name of the group is the OK-OK Runners and they’re based out of Metro Manila in the Philippines.
I wanted to try Rub 'n Buff but it was hard to come by in Ottawa, and I also worried about it continuing to rub and buff off onto surfaces (anyone have experience with this material?), so I thought I'd try some leftover spray paint instead. As a bonus, I had dribs and drabs of various paints so this makeover was cheap-cheap-cheap.
Jesus’ point was that this woman had been looking for life to the fullest extent in her relationship with men. Social and religious restrictions had made that the only possible outcome for her life. But there was no hope for life to the fullest extent as long as she limited her potential in that way. In John 4:13-14, Jesus made a rather large claim regarding his offer:
Wedding rings on or off? on - so surprised I don't have swollen fingers/toes yet. Although I have some real sausages to begin with, so I'm not sure how much worse they can get.
Jane (performed by Amelia Clarkson and then Mia Wasikowska) has had a lonely and bleak childhood. She was abandoned by her parents and a heartless aunt I(by Sally Hawkins) gave her lodgings before sending her to a charity home for girls. From here, Jane is engaged as a governess at Thornfield, the home of Mr Rochester (by Michael Fassbender), to care for his daughter. The housekeeper, Mrs Fairfax (by Judi Dench) is the first person to ever treat Jane kindly and she warms to her. She has a happy life at Thornfield, excelling as a governess and enjoying the landscape and lifestyle in the country. Gradually a tentative, then deep relationship develops between Jane and Mr Rochester. But the path of true love is difficult for this pair and several barriers arise that threaten to destroy any chance of happiness they may have.
really- do we ?
I hope you enjoyed my little card, I have more projects coming up and I also have more video tutorial's in the planning stages. We are still working on harvest so my schedule is full and chaotic but it will soon be done, yeah!!!! then I will be back to a crafting as much as possible, lol.
You'll need quite a bit of orange zest and cream it with the sugar and butter...
The lunch “wasn’t your standard pizza, you know?” quipped Dan Vacchio, one of the Machinists on the team.
Hecht et al. list the levels of NNN and NNK in several Altria and Reynolds brands:
My favourite:
Mr. Prince has one group of influential supporters: museum curators. The Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York and the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis recently mounted major Prince shows. Christie's sold one of his paintings, "Ranting and Raving," on Tuesday for $722,500, just over its $600,000 low estimate.
8:42 PM – Josh Matthews finds CM Punk backstage to ask Punk about his gift, which is a basket of liquor. Well played, Y2J. Punk re-gifts his basket of liquor to Josh, but keeps one specific bottle. I can only hope that this bottle will be used for payback at Extreme Rules on Sunday.
Google+ will succeed when it becomes a valuable part of the social web, not the only destination of the social web. If anyone has the vision and influence to convince Google management, it may be Kevin Rose. But the addition of Rose and team doesn’t guarantee success any more than LeBron James going to the Miami Heat will guarantee championships. On paper, it makes a lot of sense. So did Digg and OINK. Those platforms enjoyed success, but didn’t enjoy sustained growth.
We can try to understand
Jack Ross / Leicester Kyle’s Koroneho / 206
How mony lengthen'd sage advices,
Then there is the disturbingly unquestioned position of authority that Betty holds on all things sexual. Reproducing patriarchal systems of hierarchical power, it seems she has reached to far high up the ladder that anyone who dares ask a question is a pariah whose sanity is to be questioned. I had never heard of her before this Clitoraid thing and so it was in naivete that I questioned her ‘expertise’ on the issue of Female Circumcision. Woe unto me for daring.
October was not my month. November, on the other hand, is! I cannot tell you how wonderful it was to wake up on Monday knowing it was November 1st. I was relieved and ready for some change. I know it seems odd that I would be that anxious to change months, but its made the biggest difference! My attitude is different and things are going much more smoothly. Granted, it is only the first week of November but I have a wonderful feeling about this month!
We had some lovely entrants last time for our wee Animal Challenge, just scoll down to find out the 2 lucky winners and Top 3! It could be you??
Police Roxanne UK
It is NO secret that I am not a chef. I do enjoy the occasional cookie-baking session in the kitchen with my kiddos, but that's about it.
Everyone by now is aware of the chaotic preparations the GB team had. The team joined up for 2 days training and flew out to Slovenia the day before playing the hosts in the opening game. That opening game was played without head coach, Tony Hand as he was playing and coaching his league side in the playoff final. Meanwhile it was all quiet at Ice Hockey UK who offered no information on games and did not send a commentary team to cover the games via the internet despite over 12,000 listeners to a game at last years championships. This left fans scrambling around to find streams and follow the game via the IIHF app.
2. Give as much as you take. I can credit social media directly for finding me my last two jobs, for creating at least a dozen of my closest friendships, for uncovering what became some of my favorite social events, and for rewarding me with a variety of awesome prizes and swag. That said, I’ve used it to help others find jobs, locate lost pets, spread the word about charitable events, and much more. The best way to get someone to help you is to first help them.
Waist:
No crying He makes
Happy Sunday All!
So my sister might be a mum in time for Mother’s Day. It’s almost time.
After Boscoe died, he spent a lot of time hiding under the dining room table and lying in his bed, alert, head up, listening. And then he seemed to relax.
If you do buy this particular type of necklace, give, you are some some to choose from.
It’s Ran-Hanuel. What is he doing here?
The stage in the first act is a dry earth. Water running through the cracks is life but that water is polluted and that's why the water turns into blood, making unbearable pain to Amfortas.
- advocates legal and regulatory reform at national and international levels
So you see, Egyptologists and other Western scholars got it wrong because they are not culturally in sync with the Kamitic thinking, which was holistic. It was because of my experience guided by the wisdom of my padrino, that allowed me to rediscover and resurrect my own divinity. Thereby connecting to God, which allowed me to see the sacredness of all things. In other words, I had to see God through my Ebony Eyes in order to get a holistic perspective to improve my life. This is why I am eternally grateful for meeting my padrino because without him I would never have had the pleasure of meeting the orisha Ochossi (Oxossi) and later the netchar Maat.
So, here are the current projects on the docket:
Got this one off ebay, for around $25 -$30 or so, it was a fair time back so I forget exactly.
But more than that, it is organised compassion. Most of us - Tory councillors evidently excepted - do not want to live in a place where people suffer for lack of any simple and cheap remedy. This is why previous generations of workers agitated and voted for the welfare state to come into existence. It was working people actively saying they do not want the unemployed to be punished for their predicament.
This will be my last post for now. I hope to be back posting as an independent, free woman as soon I am settled in my new home. I’m not exactly sure where I’ll end up but I’m sure my instinct will show me the way. I know everything will eventually workout for the best. However, I certainly could use and appreciate any prayers and good wishes you can send my way… Thank you everyone for all your kindness, support and comments about my work. You have been a great source of comfort and encouragement for me during this difficult time. If you have questions or concerns, please contact me at emilygoochphotos@yahoo.com however, with limited Internet access; it might take me a while to get back to you. Take care…
Through the windows-through doors-burst like a ruthless force,
Anxiety and Depression: Ask anyone with BPD if they’re anxious and depressed, they’ll answer, “Of course.”
very emotional for me
Step 6 is attaching your faux shade to the mounting piece of wood. We had a bit of extra fabric so we decided that we just wanted the shade to cover 23” of the window. So that is where we stapled the shade to the wood.
The advantages of tablets are ever-increasing.
In all seriousness, the best words that I can say about her is when I looked at her, I saw Jesus. Mom Mom was not extremely vocal about her faith, but it undergirded who she was. Her entire life was rooted in her love for her Savior and loving others with a servant love. The faith that she modeled helped shaped me into the man I am today. She was an inspiration to all who knew her.
Some cigars shop also offers the opportunity to smoke (for example, De La Concha on 6th Avenue between 54th and 56th Street). This time, however, I decided to visit the Davidoff upscale shop on Madison and 54th Street - where i got hold of the new Davidoff Puro Doro cigar. Davidoff also owns the De La Concha shop nowadays but currently does not allow smoking in its Madison Avenue shop due to a restriction implemented by the building owners. The pictures below show the well assorted Davidoff's walk-in humidour.
This led me to look at my non-dream poems in the same way. I had noticed before that sometimes when I go back and read one of the poems that I’ve written, I find a deeper level of meaning than I had realized was there. I see things - connections – that I hadn’t intentionally woven into the poem. I say to myself, “How clever!” I make that comment in a lighthearted way, but in reality I’m in awe of the workings of the unconscious mind. I’ve learned I can discover things about myself by paying attention to these things that have surfaced from my unconscious through writing poems.
It is this scene, which took place only a year or so after Clare died, that the Siren can't get out of her head. It is as cinematic as anything she has ever found in a star's memoirs. Aherne had returned to Hollywood, but in a stage production of Barretts, again with Katharine Cornell. The audience for the opening included everyone from the Thalbergs to Charlie Chaplin.
And now I can move on
by mere circumstance
Gas fired.
Here goes ...
7. When we clean wood surfaces in our homes, why do we call it “dusting”? Shouldn’t it be “undusting or dedusting”?
once liquid gold,
Advantage, multinationals?
ES Feminine Plural
One of the question that i'm being asked more frequently, especially by new amateur photographers, is if it exist a better aperture, the answer is simple, it all depends on the result that you want to obtain, for the street photography i use medium apertures that should provide me with a higher image quality, that's because with medium apertures as f11 you employ just the middle part of the lens that is the one with the higher quality and avoid the risk to run into diffraction.
“The Amateur is the best book I’ve read on how Barack Obama is wrecking our country. I urge everyone who cares about America to read Edward Klein’s eye-opening book.”
His cover of "Sixteen Tons" -- which featured a clarinet, and didn't really sound like a country-western song -- became a huge crossover hit in 1955. It was #1 on the country charts for 10 weeks and #1 on the pop charts for eight weeks. "Sixteen Tons" was so popular that NBC gave Ford a prime-time variety show, which aired from 1956 until 1961.
Jackie Mitchell - Chattanooga Lookouts
In the meantime, J.Crew-1 are at home when Chi San’s tummy begins to hurt. Luckily for them, Se Na stops by so she quickly drives them to the hospital. The whole time he was screaming, all I could think was that he was pretty lucky that his appendix decided to act up in the wrong era. If anything, the procedure and healing should be more tolerable in our era. So yay for modern medicine?
cases to the right carrier.
I miss his independent nature. I miss his fighting spirit. I miss how he was always the boss and decided when it was time for me to wake up and get out of bed and take him out for a walk. He would never, ever let me slide. I clearly spoiled him but in turn he clearly kept me on track.
on this night of all nights
God Love You
The plumber arrived early on Sunday morning to survey the damage. He confirmed that the central heating system had exploded (it didn't actually take a plumber to work that out, once we had established that the world wasn't ending, and the house wasn't falling down). and set about mending it. I was quite impressed - I'd been all set with a second possible house lined up in the town, but he actually dealt with it quite quickly and we all crashed into bed for a lunchtime nap to make up for being up half of the night.
Martha Stewart - Rhinestones
To make your own gift card envelopes you will need:
We can also see the extremely high front lower wishbone position (FLWB); it’s nearly at the front axle height. Having wishbones spaced further apart is better for reducing the loads fed through them, but aerodynamics demand a higher position. We can’t see the outboard joint with the upright; neither can we see the outer pushrod joint. It’s probably that FIF1 mount these mount to the upright in a set up called ‘pushrod on upright’ (POU), this helps eight transfer with steering angle in slow corners.
AND I am quite passionate about STOPPING abuse - of all kinds.
1/4 cup margarine melted
Dressed in underpants and vest?
Before the Harbor be—
One of the few good bits from Garlic Jr. is Chi-Chi getting so angry at Maron's insults that it looks like she learned Goku's Kaio-Ken attack. Who's Maron? Another filler character that's Krillin's first girlfriend for the anime. Maron has the looks of super model and the intelligence of a brick. In episode 117 (episode 10) of the Garlic Jr. Saga, Krillin question's proposing to her, but in feeling that she's way out of his league, he breaks up with her. It was some nice character development for Krillin as he's always wanted a girlfriend but deep down, he probably knew how shallow she was and that she wasn't the girl for him, something Master Roshi states later on in this season. The final episode in the Garlic Jr. Saga ended up being the only one I really liked as I just couldn't get into the Z Fighters struggle against such lame villains.
Visual = 36
4x Cloudshift
One day I decided to check out the song on the flipside. It was called ‘Chest Fever”, and had this heavy heavy organ chord going, and lyrics I couldn’t understand because they were sung like “Louie, Louie” was sung, that is to say unintelligibly, so I figured it had to be a dirty song, just like they said if you ever did hear a word from “Louie, Louie” it was going to be dirty.
One aspect you might not realize about living here is that your 'Fall' and 'Winter' are our 'Spring' and 'Summer'! We open up our houses in 'Fall' and 'Winter'! I've told my girlfriends that it is like living in Australia sometimes - we are opposite of the rest of the world. For instance, we plant our flowers in October/November! :) I am eagerly looking forward to planting impatiens around our property. October is my gardening time!
Give when you think you can’t – it’s not about what you give; it’s about the heart from which you give. If you think your need is greater look around; I’ve found there’s always someone whose problems are worse than mine.
Why are you walking away?
To do this, the party would build a wide series of alliances, constiuting what Gramsci called a "historic bloc" and would attempt to get its egemonia accepted by the whole of that bloc. This would in fact minimise the need for violence. There would be no need for terror or a police state after the revolution, for acceptance of the new cultural hegemony would mean that most people voluntarily accepted at least the main principles of the new order.
Anyway onto the big news!!! I randomly selected a winner from the 26 entrants (usually I use The Hat, but now since I'm on my new lovely MAC, the program doesnt work :( )
“He didn’t get it. You don’t get it. Nobody gets it. But we may be about to prove that the whole of creation is a hologram.”
Remember when the progressives/Democrats/liberals celebrated Obama repealing the 'Don't ask, Don't tell' policy? Well, since then, sexual assaults on males has increased in the military. Non-consensual sodomy attacks are now 7% of attacks, with a reported 20% increase in male sexual assaults. This is what happens when these idiots don't think the consequences through of their warm and fuzzy ideology that they jump up and down to impose on others. And these are the numbers on reported cases. How many go unreported due to feelings of shame by the victim? And then added to this are the attacks on females in the military which increases every year. The Army refuses to follow recommendations to end gender-integrated basic training as the report found that it resulted in less discipline, less unit cohesion, and more distraction. And of course, more sexual assaults on the females. No matter how they wish it, the genders will never be physically, emotionally or sexually equal. And now added to this mix is the legalising of homosexuality to further encourage in-your-face perverse behavior. The USSR didn't need to fight the US military with their own military - all they had to do was inject political correctness at all levels to do the job for them...I wonder if the Soviets also have such a soft military? But hey, at least the Gays are now happy.
One day we were talking about the common people, the little people—people that we label as the masses: labourers, farm hands, servants, and even snake charmers, and how they have become too powerful, dangerously powerful, in India these days.
By Paul Lukas
And I follow Him.
I received a lot of enquiries, additional information, and tips about Jamaat ul-Fuqra. One source reported that there was yet another “Muslim compound”, this time near Meherrin, Virginia. Another said that the people at that location “came out and danced in public on September 11th.” I had never heard about any JF activity in Meherrin before. When the opportunity came I drove up there.
The Big Girls and Daddy rode the carousel, Paige waited in her stroller with Mama. We walked the boardwalk along the beach, had a yummy lunch, searched for shells, and visited the Candy Shop.
Anyhoo, not much new going on...I went to a local tea room/cafe with my friend Sarah and her little baby Caroline where we pretended to be "ladies who lunch" yesterday. Today I got my hair trimmed and went to ZUMBA. Pretty low key day!
Mr Duncan Smith will warn that family breakdown is a root cause of many of the problems in society. He will say that the family is the most important ‘building block’ in a child’s life. ‘When families are strong and stable, so are children,’ he will say.
The armed groups trade in the 3T minerals – tin, tantalum, and tungsten, as well as gold:
Starring: Jason Mewes, Kevin Smith, Ben Affleck, Shannon Elizabeth, Eliza Dushku, Ali Larter, Jeff Anderson, Brian O’Halloran, Will Ferrell, Jason Lee, Judd Nelson, George Carlin, Carrie Fisher, Seann William Scott, Matt Damon, Jon Stewart, Tracy Morgan, Gus Van Sant, Chris Rock, Jamie Kennedy, Mark Hamill and tons of other cameos….
That is not to say that I have never been a bit lightheaded when going up steps or standing up quickly or generally weaker, but this problem was not like that at all. My husband brought me about four ounces of milk and within fifteen minutes I was fine again. I went to church without a problem...except that my right shoulder was very painful with certain movements and I did not even injure it, so I am not sure what that is all about. Perhaps an intense healing of something I have not recognized as a problem? It has happened before. I notice the difference later and think something like I guess that was bothering more than I thought.
To many of us, Pokemon Gold and Silver defined out childhoods. We all claimed to be pokemon masters, as we strove to catch 'em all. We shoved our Skarmorys at our friends Tyranitars, to see who was better. And then we kind of moved on.
But there’s no time for remorse. Breakfast is done and so is lunch. We are on our way home when chef Chari says to me, “Mate, I am off to the Ramada Pub, want to join me?”
Kai: "but we will still miss Camille"
The study, Prices These Days! The Cost of Living in Australia, says some necessities, including electricity, mortgages, medical services, fruit, bread and vegetables, have become more expensive but the price rises have been offset by dramatic falls in the cost of computers and audio/visual equipment. Items such as toys and household appliances have barely changed in price.
A moment white - then melts for ever;
“We debated how best to put many hours of wear time on the critical bearing components of our rocket propellant piston pump, that are subject to significant wear and tear,” said Dan DeLong, XCOR Chief Engineer. “This particular motorcycle, the Triumph Street Triple, develops about the same horsepower and has the same cylinder arrangement as the liquid oxygen and kerosene fuel pumps for the Lynx suborbital spacecraft. That makes it ideal for a long-life pump test platform. The bike is much less expensive to operate than the full up rocket pump test stand. We’re adding hours of run time each ride, not just minutes.”
just posted some notes on shoppable media- If You want to here me speak and share more then Vote at http://j.mp/I0hHXN #makethestage @internetweek.look for " This Ain’t Your Mama’s Dress Shop A How to Fashion Tech Guide for Designers!" Register and press that thumbs up button EVEN IF WE ARE AT THE TOP! every vote counts and we want to share our knowledge!
However, it's more than just your usual, run of the mill brewer event where you roll up to the pub, shake hands, shoot the breeze and sample one or, if you are lucky, a couple of the Brewer's Fayre. This, instead, is an off the scale, extra special event where a dozen of the taps at the Cask have been taken over by a gorgeous infestation of lovely keg and cask beers from one of the most exciting breweries in the UK at the moment.
The rules of the game were simple: boys versus girls; teacher (that’s me) shouted out the name of an item of clothing and the first pupil to arrive at my desk with said item in their hands, intoning the magic sentence ‘voilà mon/ma whatever-it-was, Monsieur Pearse’ was the winner. Looking back on events, it now seems quite obvious that I really hadn’t thought this one through. I quickly realised that, with only three items pupils could reasonably be expected to pull off their bodies, this game had a very short shelf-life. However, not one for backing down, I carried on, determined to do my professional best and hopeful that those three items would be enough to see me through to bell time.
For tonight's session, I was playing my monk, Robyn Hoodwink and another friend, B, was playing his cavalier-paladin, Lord Neville Trollbane.
I resisted the urge to giggle. I replied that I could make whatever she liked and had absolutely no problem doing brownies from scratch if that’s what she wanted. “Great, because I really don’t like brownies from a mix,” Mrs. K said, still sounding unsure of whether or not I was up to the task. As she continued to harp on the evils of brownie mix as though she hadn't heard me, I finally had to spell it out that I had made plenty of brownies without ever using a box mix in my entire brownie-baking career, and that in fact I would be happy to make something even more festive for their party if she so desired.
I will post the recipe I used, though, because it was really good. I made cheese and potato pierogies and my family loved them! It was an easy recipe and so delicious!
I said, “This does not sound like it will work out. Perhaps you should just cut your losses and realize he is never going to change…”
A huge thank you to all those who have already donated, I am extremely grateful and it will be you who keeps me going on the day, as I think it would be quite easy to say, nahhhhh, maybe next year, lol.
this is why I was up until one. Because I realized the overwhelming task I have set myself on with my lack of organizing. The hole is deep. But I really want to tackle it. Not all at once, mind you. But I want to be organized by the time the baby arrives. I don't think I'll ever get to the color coordinated calendar of events organized, but I want to get to the a place for everything, everything in its place (or something like that) organized. I at least want to know where my notebooks are at all times in case inspiration strikes.
Row 7: Ch 2, turn. *Fpdc in next dc, Bpdc in next dc. Repeat from * around. Do not join.
Matsui started off with a bang, literally, each season, when he’d lead off with a home run. Instead of a poor man’s Matsui, perhaps he was a poor man’s Ichiro with his speed and knack for the bat. Yeah, once again, we haven’t learned the poor man’s route is NOT the way to go.
1×3-1x4″ Lumber
I try to use names of people I’ve met who have stayed with me. For instance in Barbarossa’s Princess, Constance servant is called. Almudena. I had a Spanish teacher whose given name was Almudena and I’ve always liked it. It sounded right for the servant. There are a lot of names of minor characters that are names of people who have drifted in and out of my life.
1. Warm up for eight minutes. You can do whatever you like to get your heart rate up. Do some jumping jacks, jog in place or dance to your favorite song.
One day at a time i will walk this road i’ve traveled so far
It’s AWESOME.
Finally I had a wonderful dinner at one of my favorite restaurants Furin in Delray. A perfect way to top a perfect day!
Since coming out to myself about a year ago I’ve toyed with the idea of changing my name. And I don’t just mean taking the shortened version of my given name, but going for an all-out Name Change. As much as I would love to cling onto the person that I was and just keep the name Steph, or Stef, I’ve been increasingly feeling like there’s no way I can be entirely comfortable with either of these names. I felt weird enough switching to “Stef”, because that was never who I was, and is not who I am, exactly. It seems more and more lately that I need to find a name that I like and want to adopt for myself. Which I’ve found, at least a first name, so that’s always a start.
14. Here’s the deal, give me a kiss and if I don’t like it, I swear I’ll give you a full refund. +
I know they don't like spoiled babies at daycare, but I can't help but hold him almost all day. If he naps I will sometimes put him down but usually I just hold him then too. I am just trying to get the most out of my time here at home with him because I know we'll never get these days back. One day he may think he's too big for his momma to hold him, so I soak up every second of it I can now :)
Yesterday we went to church. We do almost every Sunday (unless we are sick or traveling). Our church happens to take 3 hours of our Sunday. Jimmy had decided yesterday that he doesn’t want to go to church right now. Because I am all about him getting a choice in his life (especially because he is not a permanent fixture in my life), I let him choose to say home. I will say that I was uncomfortable with it. We are always uncomfortable leaving him alone in our home. We set booby-traps to catch him in case he snoops. I know it is silly, but we need to be vigilant with this kid. Jimmy has a pretty checkered past.
Card Maker
-Excuses Fat People Make – “I may be big, but I’m actually only 7% body fat!” Oh yeah? Well, you’re also 58% chocolate cake, so shut your sausage pit.
A Letter From Hiroshima, Suwa Nobuhiro, Japan. Drama, 37 min.
When did Lost turn into a spaghetti western. (BTW, its what I had for dinner tonight, at the Grand Lux restaurant inside the Venetian hotel in Las Vegas) Just like an old time Western, we got the MIB (The bad guy) going to the sheriff (Dogen) of the town of Temple and telling him he has until sundown to get out of town or else he’s going to kill everyone. Has the Lost island somehow magically transported back to the wild, wild West days or does this chain of events of what we witnessed tonight strengthen my theory even more.
PBS Learning Media was by far the most interesting part for me since in the past I used United Streaming through Discovery Learning. When the state didn't renew its contract last September, I felt like I was left with no "go to" resource for quality science clips. Asset, through Arizona State University, has taken over where Discovery Learning left off. They now are slowly gathering all of the resources to make a tech site that will be a great tool to teachers. It's free to sign up and free to access. The site not only carries video, they also are collecting inter actives, lesson plans, audio, and image. The search makes it easy to narrow down topic, grade level, and media site. AND it allows you to set up of classroom site so that all the links that you want your students to access will be there, without having them search and find the link. They can access it at home and you can manage it so that you keep your links year round, but only allow them to access them at certain times. I'm in LOVE!
And I ran upstairs and changed.
We also had a meeting on Thursday with his doctor, two primary nurses and a social worker to get all our questions answered, and to talk about the plan to get him home. It was a productive meeting, and while (of course!) we don't have an exact plan or timeline (it's really up to Andrew) we know what needs to happen to get him home. The biggest challenge upcoming is eating. Preemies often have problems with remembering to suck/swallow/breath when they take a bottle and can aspirate (swallow fluid into the lungs), brady (heartrate drop) or other issues. We know he is already dealing with reflux, so of course, that can be a problem too. The doctor was hopeful that he was ready to try feeds again.
Obviously, color and costume are very important to this film, from Vienna's color-coded outfits to the black suits of the mourners who comprise the posse. The posse is constantly arranged into densely packed compositions in which they crowd the frame, forming threatening triangles aimed at Vienna, often with Emma at the point. Towards the end of the film, with the threat dissipated, that triangle will reverse, at last pointing away from Vienna, grouped around the dead and the survivors, providing a corridor for Vienna's exit. The awful geometry of sexual repression had closed in on her, but by the end of the film the geometry reconfigures to provide a way out. All of the artifice, the blatantly fake sets that Ray makes no attempt to integrate convincingly with the naturalistic outdoor scenes, contribute to the impression that Vienna, with her melodramatic persona, her expressive eyebrows and bright red lips, is a kind of mythic figure, with Emma as her opposite number. The two seem to be locked in a bigger-than-life combat, like two goddesses who have come to Earth and penetrated the usually masculine realm of the Western as the grounds for their confrontation. Indeed, during the grand finale, the men make a big point of calling off their own battles: all the men stop shooting to allow the two women to have their final showdown and shootout, an almost unheard-of gender reversal of the usual Western climax.
On top of that, I have an organization I direct that has taken some direct hits this year. I lost my information techie to cancer two months ago. I watched him go through a truly agonizing two year treatment program that left him sick and in pain for much of the time. We would talk and discuss outcomes and I visited him in the hospital the day he passed. He was 37 and left a wife and two kids ages 1 and 6.
Obligatory: Notes to out-of-towners and calls or notes to close friends are obligatory as soon as the patient feels well enough to do them.
1.THE JAM - In The City
"Wishing you Hope" was CASEd from a pin I saw today on Pinterest. The pic came from stampyblock.blogspot.com . She makes beautiful cards!
Never mind that the black dress being mentioned here is an official dress that I wear to work!
Although Kylie and Scather (and certainly AFGNCAAP, who loves nothing better than to go to town with red pen on a poorly written book) may not have that in common, it appears that Kylie and Scather do share something very important - a love and indeed respect for books. When asked for "the number one thing you can't stand to see people doing to books", Kylie was unable to restrict herself to just one, instead, providing Scather with "2 things kind of related". They are: "Breaking the spine of a book (bending it so it stays open easier)" and "folding the cover on a paperback so that it sits against the back cover." "Does that make sense?" Kylie asked. Fear not, Kylie, it certainly does. These two book-atrocities* actually made it to spots #7 and #8 on my top 10 things I can't stand people doing to books list.
While the milk is heating, separate the eggs and place the yolks into a large measuring cup. Whisk them slightly.
TEACHING NEED NOT BE A CHORE
Finally there is a elderly Greek, who feels that Instanbul is passing him by. He has dark secrets from a past when Greeks were persecuted in Turkey.
Hope you find these helpful little tips to be useful and have a great rest of today, now that you’re safe from nothing.
1-5 Cosmic Slop
Is now a victim of his fame.
Nicole: you dont get it do you
In September, researchers from the OPERA collaboration in Italy provided fodder for a thousand articles when they announced measuring a neutrino moving faster than light. A neutrino is a particle smaller than an atom that can not hold an electrical charge.
1. Bare Bones has a great sense of style, which is why I follow there fashion blog. I love a good esthetic! Plenty of great, well curated pics all the time.
Over the years I've run into a number of "colleagues" that are jaded as the day is long. Why? They've lost their passion. I refuse to let myself become jaded. Hell, I still get giddy when -- no matter how big or small -- someone asks to profile me, or use one of my quotes, or tells me that I'm "relevant," or that my blog has made it onto a "best of" list... as was the case yesterday when the folks at the Culinary School Guide informed me that this lil blog o' mine made it onto their 100 Best Beer and Wine Blogs. All that stuff is not only very humbling, but -- even more than the money -- validates every single letter I've ever written.
ou’ve commented that Richie and Eddie are the only two characters you can play and you’ve been playing them since the ’70s. Are they good to return to when you’ve both been off doing your individual projects?
He admitted lending out cash from his "extraordinary" benefits package-which saw him receive a staggering £78,000 in just six years.
Between the two of them they were able to help the girl inside and her mother who had run in after the crashing sound of glass, though that reaction had been more of panic than the reaction of her daughter. Officer Levine held a sheet in improvised protection around Danielle when the paramedics arrived to take over the medical end of the situation. Morgan’s father left in the back of the police cruiser while Morgan cried in the back of the ambulance she didn’t need but had to share with the anaphylactic Danielle. In the course of the remaining light of day she went from the hospital to some office with a social worker who told her to go with a B.I.O. agent who had shown up soon afterward. But with a reluctance that frightened Morgan even though she hadn’t liked the social worker himself. She didn’t see her father again even though she kept asking for a long, long time.
In the event that anyone is actually interested, Tony Blair has "postponed" a launch party for his memoirs at London's Tate Modern museum planned for today, after anti-war protesters threatened to target the event.
I personally agree with the Republicans on this one. Smoking is good and all, but I really love farting in other people’s faces while simultaneously sticking them with a slow-acting poison and I do not need a bunch of elitist, college-going, science-trusting, health-nut, communist bureaucrats telling me what to do in the Land of the Free. I’d tell you liberals to go put that in your pipe and smoke it, but none of you are man enough to do that!
I'm leaving' this place,
please tell us about what you are doing for Learning at Work Day,
Something to put on in the day or night.
Courting prospective customers and retaining new ones is, not at all, a hit-or-miss effort – even the faceless conglomerate has to know what these people should say a few sure services or products to improve it, with a view to boost sales exponentially. A peek into the mind of the unusual Joe after he purchases and uses, say, a particular brand of laundry detergent, may make the distinction between that brand changing into a family name, or one that disappears after a number of months as a result of lackluster sales. Surveys may give the corporate a greater insight into what the market thinks, and what extra might be accomplished to enhance the brand’s title and fame.
The conference was dedicated to the late Kaye Coppersmith, a planned speaker and dear friend of the FWA family.
Apple certainly can’t be faulted for wanting to ratchet up security. The accounts of iTunes users have increasingly been compromised and victimized by phishing attacks.
For those of you already sick of theatre talk, I will be posting about "Surprise Raspberry and Chocolate cake" on the other blog. So hold onto your socks for that one. The surprise is really *astounding.
(Wow – I never thought I’d hear those words after a holiday meal! LOL)
* several books she's reading
Then we moved on to have lunch where we talked with the students even more. It was a great opportunity to learn new things and share things with each other that we did not know before. After lunch we traveled to the university’s greenhouses where we looked at their different growing systems. They grew several beautiful exotic plants, as well as vegetables, and papaya trees, which were really cool. They also had a really nice hydroponics system in one of the greenhouses; hydroponics is a way to grow plants without soil- just a nutrient solution.
5. At A Later Date (Live at the Electric Circus, Manchester, 2 October 1977)
A scale is a series of notes that go in an ascending and descending manner. For every scale that is minor or major there are 7 notes, for example in the key of C the notes are C - D - E - F - G - A - B. and the 8th note (in this example will be C) goes back to the root note but an octave higher. (the 12th fret on a guitar).
So, for instance, I have begun a weekly meal plan. I have tried this many times before in the past, but this yr. I'm hoping I can stick to it each wk. Only going to the grocery store once a wk., knowing what meals will be fixed for that wk. and buying only those items that I need for those meals. No more running to the store every time I don't have an ingredient or whatever.
Hot ashes for trees?
Be extremely careful while caramelising the onions, as one bad move (could scorch) and your soup could taste bitter.
Australian Emma van Leest is one of my favorite paper cut artists. In general, I have a soft spot in my heart for anyone that can create something so delicately beautiful out of a sheet of paper, but Emma’s work goes a step beyond the average paper cutter. Inspired by her travels and studies in the East, specifically China, Indonesia, and India, as well as her interests in Medieval saints, fairy tales, and folk art, Emma creates a unique and fascinating world that is simply awe inspiring. Her work is so breathtaking in its intricacies and subject matter that it’s nearly impossible to resist. I can’t even imagine the work that goes into one of her pieces!
Using a stick blender, puree soup until evenly consistent in texture.
At least in WHSmith. I heard this item on Woman's Hour this morning:
Twitter: It used to be fun but no more. It's become a mass of non-stop promotion and links. As a result, I'm spending much less time there and enjoying it even less. With nearly 2100 followers, I certainly don't want to abandon my Twitter account, but still....What's the point of it? I ask myself. Twitter time: Less.
On Saturday night, a small group of music lovers gathered for a concert – in Andy Redhead’s living room. They enjoyed a stunning performance from 16-year-old Cairns guitarist Jordan Brodie, and they may well have been part of a historic first.
I don’t trust politicians who say that five paper copies of environmental reports are all that is required for a population of three hundred thousand. I don’t trust developers who think that sewage ponds are “natural wildlife habitat” and that they can safely manage the discharge of millions of kilos of liquid turds, urine and cleaning chemicals into the environment.
GE Shipping Sells Its Single Hull VLCC 16
Now, even though he won’t say it, I think he is doubly mad at me. First, because I won’t have sex with him. (That is only for my own protection.) And second, because I won’t give him any money. Is that for my own protection, too? Is that not being an enabler? Or is that being stubborn and selfish?
Usually once the tamil astrology free is laid, the tamil astrology free are planets, signs, houses and aspects. Once your wheel is set and visible, you will totally benefit from the tamil astrology free, which means star; and logos, meaning 'word', we can continue from where these concepts came, etc. If we continue to manifest thus, probably with heavier consequences as the tamil astrology free be taken into account too.
The two journalists noted that with the Mozambican town Ressano Garcia (above) now moving ever-closer to the unpatrolled South African/Mozambican border fence, the ferocious uniformed gang calling themselves “the Ninjas” has turned this town together with the Lebombo Mountains into their main area of operations, conducting an increasingly vicious reign of terror. They often use swords to kill their victims: preferably by decapitation.
Meat. The most tender meat ever eaten. Here they distinguish between meat and chicken. Meat is red meat. This part of Brasil is known as Gaúcho country. It refers back to the only food that the first settlers were eating, meat for breakfast, lunch and diner. I always thought of the south of Argentina as the pampa land. But this landscape stretches well into Rio Grande do Sul. There is debate whether or not the Rio da Prata north of Buenos Aires is a division line, but those who do not take this consider all of Argentina, Uruguay and 63% of the state Rio Grande do Sul as “paisagem natural dos pampas”, some 700.000 km2. The Brasilian part is 178.243 km2 big and from a country perspective only 2 % of the Brasilian territory. However since it stretches over the most of this south state it is a significant landscape feature and cultural reference point here. In a way the southerners here have more in common with the “hermanos pampeanos do Uruguai e da Argentina” than with the north of Brasil.
The Saragossa Manuscript (Wojciech Has, 1965) - "The film nests stories within stories within stories, erecting complex structures that burrow further and further away from reality, into the past, into ghost stories and tales of demons and devils and, especially, stories of love and romantic scheming. The film's text repeatedly comments, self-reflexively, on all these metafictional layers... The layered structure contributes to the sensation of being haunted, of passing from one absurd situation to another while losing one's grip on concrete reality."
Just as Douglas is about to board a train to be moved, Stan intercepts it by saying that since Connard is indeed narrowing in on Albuquerque and Douglas, a sting operation has been approved to take down Connard for good. To do so, they will infiltrate the drag queen competition and need to find a Marshal to pass off as Douglas. Mary makes the keen suggestion that possibly his “brother” could. Now we finally get to see Marshall in drag. And he gets a new nickname: Cheekbones. Love it!
The taste has been balanced well – the slightly sharp taste of the cream cheese is tempered with the addition of whipped cream. This cheesecake is pretty heavy, so a moderate slice would go a long way. I’d say, this is a great way of exercising my chance at baby steps. But of course, I can’t wait to try the real deal next time. Successfully, I mean.
Flipreads also hopes to provide a venue to publishers and authors to bring previously out-of-print titles back into circulation. Since everything is online, these titles will also be available to an international market.
2. What Deaner Was Talkin' About 2:13
If ye'll only give me Rum!
Now I have to be careful here, as I many friends who love Sams and would probably never have a bad word to say about it. Sams has everything going for it, the location in old lifeboat house gives it both character and a glorious view. However, it’s popularity has a downside. We booked for Sunday lunch but the earliest table was 3 in the afternoon. On balance we decided we were happy with this. A late brunch, a walk and arriving at three on a winter’s afternoon would suit us perfectly. However, they should have warned us that the menu offering was likely to be depleted by then.
My lowest and most pathetic hour
We were so glad that the Dunne family could come out and enjoy some time with us. We swam in the rain, since the weather wasn't cooperating. We also had Brian cook some hotdogs and ate lunch together. We felt bad they drove the whole way out to us, and then the weather wasn't so great. :( But we definitely appreciated them coming out and the kids had a blast! Since the weather wasn't great, these are the only pictures I got to document that we really did have visitors! My poor camera had some issues over our stay. It got fogged up from the heat and humidity/moisture.
irritability
Copper leaf fringe chain
Gerald W. Lynch Theater at John Jay College
A new law went into effect Monday allowing Italian stores to open and close whenever they please. Previously the law required that stores close after a certain number of hours per day, as well as some holidays, Sundays and one day during the work week. Bars and restaurants can also stay open non-stop. Intended to boost consumer spending, the relaxed rules are part of the emergency government's package of stimulus and budget measures that aim to raise 30 billion euros and lift hurl the country out of its debt crisis.
(By the way, this post is not actually about books, so if that’s what you are looking for you will not find it here. Keep looking.)
Germany tells Russia to stop looking at Austria, or Germany will render Russia incapable of such action.
I am still very behind on catching up to all the questions! But today I have to address a serious question with no time to spare in answering.
fair, none but Autumn with
My one worry about this show is how long it can last. Inevitably there can be no lasting relationship between father and son, for to end his autism is to ruin the premise and without making it a character drama it becomes boring and episodic. But even if it only lasts for a season or two, it will be well worth it.
Scoutmob: A popular app that many hipsters and city-dwellers alike keep on their smart phones to get sweet deals on restaurants, clothing stores, coffeehouses, bars, and other urban things that hipsters would like. What is Scoutmob’s logo? It’s a little guy with a handlebar mustache. Not only that, but they have an app on the app that allows you to take a picture with various forms of mustaches super-imposed on your face. The writing on Scoutmob’s website is quirky as well. In their instructions on how to use the app, number six is “Click ‘I’M DONE!’ and commence to high-fiving.” Hipsters definitely identify with this flashy lingo.
Anyhow, these little references and influences point to a slightly different picture of Lynch than the usual one, although these examples are all from post-BLUE VELVET movies — I don’t think the earlier Lynch films reference cinema nearly so much. I suspect his childhood and personal fantasies supplied all the initial impetus he needed, and then the longer he’s worked in film the more movie quotations have seeped into his work in an osmotic fashion. The point is not to denounce him as a thieving swine, but merely to point out the more complicated relationship his cinema has with other movies.
Somehow, some way, some where...I’ll see you at the rock show!
It is for us to stand in opposition to this "logic", to this course of events.
You can control everything you do and it’s simple. It takes a third party distributor to sell on iTunes or Spotify and there are all kinds of delays and hurdles built into the process that make the supply of an abundance of music difficult. I think this is a rather old-fashioned way of doing things – restricting supply to artificially inflate price – so I like that you can record a song in the morning and sell it on corporate that afternoon.
What did I tell you. I told all nationalists on this blog what the election results for the BNP would be, and I also told Griffin, in my resignation e mail to him. Its all online, have a read of what I wrote. I could also define exactly how British Nationalism can rise again and what is required for us to start the movement moving into power, but until the present idiot leadership of all the 'Nationalist' parties are either removed or resign, then I will not detail how to do so. They dont deserve my ideas and support. The Nationalist movement in Britain is a pathetic disgrace. The primary fault lays not with the idiotic and incompetent 'leadership' of the parties, they are merely the symptom of the problem - the primary problem lays with the nationalists in the movement itself. Nationalists have become a cabal of pathetic cult of personality idiots, drones that can no longer act or think for themselves. They follow leaders who lie to them. They are willing slaves to liars, complicit in the crimes of their masters. They vote for the leaders in the parties and keep them in power, and hence they themselves are ultimately the real problem the movement has to face. Vote monkey, get monkey. In the words of the Manic Street Preachers song 'Of Walking Abortion'
When’s the last time you shared twelve days of dreams or goals or things you want to do before you “kick the bucket”?
Class dismissed!
The idea that every product must be marketed to a young audience is so baked into the DNA of the marketing community that they can't see beyond this counterproductive, crippling prejudice. Two recent experiences brought this point home to me.
Christians reclaimed the true meaning of “Easter”
On to regular news... I scheduled my upper GI for February 24th at 8 AM. It's at the hospital in Madison and I'm pretty much super excited to get it done so I can, hopefully, have some answers.
WARNINGS:
And starting tomorrow, I'll be sharing our model with y'all.
Is human history all wrong and Nancy Pelosi right?
When people lay aside the Lord God and his way of thinking and living it is a mere matter of time before changing attitudes begin to occur. Have any of you prayed in accordance with 1 Corinthians 16:22?
I was happy to find that the New Kanini Kanini has arisen from the ashes!
Have that courage. You just need the courage to start my friend.
Teaching your kid to become a Top Chef
I would like to express my deep appreciation for all of your heartwarming comments for the people in Japan who were affected by the earthquake and Tsunami. I wish I could go help the people in the Northeast area of Mainland Japan. I feel helpless. If you are thinking about donating money for Japan, International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Society is one avenue for you to help Japan. Thank you if you have already donated money.
And these, these are the tunes I hear coming from the pipe of that colourful-coated traveller there in my painting. The tune he plays is in the key of hedgerow and yearning, it is the colour of love and oak leaves, and its words are older and more familiar than the cries we ourselves made as babies.
I love the idea of double skinny belts with the shirt dress. Pewter pumps make it that much cooler.
Candidates must submit their works by April 20th. In this iteration material must be submitted via e-mail first so that a shortlist can be drawn up. Subsequently, artists on this list will be requested to send their originals to the foundation headquarters and the winner will be chosen.
* Deman Tall - Just one little moment
the holy cup
Yesterday all her numbers stabilized. Medication doses are still being adjusted. One of her meds is very food dependent, so we need to make sure she is eating consistently before each dose.
Jablonski, N.G., & G. Chaplin. (2000). The evolution of human skin coloration. Journal of Human Evolution, 39, 57-106.
(NaturalNews) The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is financially backing and publicly endorsing mass polio virus vaccinations in India. In case you didn’t hear him yourself, Bill Gates publicly announced that vaccines could help reduce the world population by 15%.
So, I guess I am trying to say that I understand both sides of the equation – I can feel compassion for the adoptee who feels the need to lash out at his or her natural mother because of the cavernous feelings of abandonment and betrayal. Been there, done that, have the T-shirt, unfortunately. But on the other hand, I can also feel compassion for mothers (my mother and myself included) who truly believed they were doing the best thing they could do for their child but it turned out to be the worst choice instead.
Darren Ferrari, representing Geelong Grammar, said Ms Ashton-Weir could have studied law at several other universities. ''You could have done law at Deakin University by correspondence,'' he said. He said Ms Ashton-Weir had been placed on ''internal suspension'' a number of times while at the school. She was also poorly organised and had been absent from class many times.
But to put a positive spin on it, because I don't want to be "Debbie Downer", or better yet, Cynical Cyndy (it kinda works), I am REALLY excited about the new school year. Yesterday, I bought a brand-spankin' new Toyota Sienna SE which I am COMPLETELY in LOVE with. I drove around scoping out B2S prices today only because I wanted to drive my new car. My physical therapy today measured that I have regained full mobility in my flexing of my right foot, and am still working and improving on the pointing, but my NEW ankle is getting better each day. AND I truly am excited to get back to work (not just for a FULL paycheck, although I will love that) but for the distraction and the fresh start to getting life back to "normal". My oldest daughter will be starting Kindergarten at my school this year and I will be the English component of the Dual-Immersion program for 1st grade. We also just hired a new Superintendent. We have some changes ahead and I can't wait to get back to life as I remember it being.
“Then I grasped the meaning of the greatest secret that human poetry and human thought and belief have to impart: The salvation of man is through love and in love. I understood how a man who has nothing left in this world still may know bliss, be it only for a brief moment, in the contemplation of his beloved. In a position of utter desolation, when man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way—an honorable way—in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment.” -Viktor Frankl
Some shots, breathing treatments, antibiotics and lots of fluids let me come home on Christmas Eve instead of spending it at the hospital.
Numpang, from Kaumpung Bajong Ili, is a retiree, while Mujah who comes from Kampung Ensika, Sebangan, is the secretary-general of Sarawak Dayak Iban Association.
Okay, so Sara is always YA's go-to girl for novels which depict a religious experience without preaching or casting judgment. We LOVE us some Zarr. But, there are more people out there writing, and they're not writing from some time-warp in 1967. Consider Sheba Karim (Skunk Girl), Micol/David Ostow (So Punk Rock), or Melissa Walker (Small Town Sinner), or Preacher's Boy and others, by Katherine Paterson, or even Come Sunday, by Nikki Grimes -- those count. Or, for the delicious twist of fantasy, A.M. Jenkins (Repossessed), Rae Carson (Girl of Fire and Thorns) or go medieval with The Healers' Apprentice, by Melanie Dickerson. Science fiction choices are many, but include most recently Glow, by Amy Kathleen Ryan.
AFTER CHRISTMAS - COMES VALENTINES DAY!! I'm hoping to do another "party" at the S&S Cafe. I'll be making some soaps and baskets up. As well as some specialty scented bath bombs and massage bars. LADIES...be sure to tell you husbands/boyfriends to "like" my page...I just might be running some specials just for them - so be sure to tell them exactly what you want!
...she included in the soup. It was ... blah. Boring. Everything was all along the same color palate and I didn't know how to introduce color without throwing everything off. I also did an asymmetrical design that definitely did not work. It involved pearls which were screaming "WHITE!!!" and the focal did not like it.
Why are we afraid to be our best? Why are we hesitant to go the extra mile and do something truly marvelous? I don't know about you individually, but my great stumbling block is the opinions of other people. Everytime I find myself tending towards stagnancy or settling for "good enough," it's because I'm afraid of "rocking the boat" or of hearing, yet again, all the back-handed compliments and sarcastic comments that tend to rain down upon me when I'm operating at my highest level. It makes me think back on my own school days, and how often I was sneered at and dismissed as a "nerd," and how I was told that I needed "to get a social life" when reports cards or test scores would come out and I had received good marks. Even in college I was subjected to these sorts of remarks. Doing your best is usually accompanied by the jealous contempt of others.
It was a miracle that All that Noise was recorded with the constant lineup changes, but the instability does not show in the album. Opening with an instrumental is quite daring, but Guitar Voodoo is a perfect start to the album. A slow drum shuffle and rumbling bassline with jangly guitar riffs that build up to a heavy stoned out sonic wah. Found Love sounds triumphant, you can really feel the ecstatic emotion in it. The other standout psychedelic tracks are Waiting for the Angels and All that Noise.
At first this seemed impossible ("Mister Robert" was always overly cautious) and I suspected it might even be a ruse to get rid of the street kids' constant demands for money (it's been 10 years now - 10 years of endless "relatives who need surgery," and the usual stories).
We noticed DiCesare’a name on ShopNBC’s program lineup today. He will have ShopNBC’s Today’s Top Value tonight at midnight.
There must be other shows out there that I’m missing out on….. The Big Bang theory springs to mind and yes I would love to watch it but for some odd reason my son is extremely adverse to ‘Sheldon’s’ character……. Hmmmmmm…….. Go figure……..
Kids are sometimes confused
(So if we go to Gautham Tirtha in Brahma Giri and do one good deed there, the good luck or punyam from that, would last for ever.)
10. Do you sleep with the TV on?
As one might expect, the girls in particular were drawn to this picture, although none of them identified these beautiful young women in flowing gowns as princesses. Sylvia liked that they were sitting on "cushions." During our group discussion, we talked about the directions of their various gazes, noting that the girl (we were calling them girls) in the center was always looking right at "you," no matter where you were. One of the children mentioned that the dresses reminded her of a bridal gown she had once seen and we then decided as a group that they must all be brides. I read them the title of the piece, "The Wyndham Sisters," and that somehow, seemed to settle things. (For better or worse, having read the title, the children then began to demand I read them the titles of all the subsequent pictures we discussed. On the one hand it colored their interpretations from that point onward; on the other I admire that they were thinking deeply enough about what we were doing to want every clue they could get.)
I highly suggest going to see it!
E. prevented the taking of any territory from Mexico. 416
In a heavy-bottomed large pan, whisk sweetened condensed milk, whole milk and heavy cream until combined. Set the pan over medium-high heat and bring to a boil.
686 ***D-I/17/1975. “One-Sixteenth of a Lecture on Lewis Carroll and Alice’s Wonderlands.” Works of the Mind Lecture Series, The Basic Program, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1975(2), above, and in Item B-3, above, pp. 166-78, 442-47 (1983).)
It was called "Back to the Garden" and is a loosely-based-on-fact story about Woodstock.
We have seen coverage denied for the following specious reasons:
2. I am going to New York in May!
KH: It is supposed to be a sun.
So you could well imagine my,rather our,plight.God is fine,but not when someone starts advertising for him at 5 in the morning.
pretty nice start for a roll, huh?!
parents, please don’t let your children go out wearing Geraldo Mustaches. Based on the facial hair alone, people could think they are attention-seeking, victim blaming, simple-minded idiots and in the worst case, hurl turtle shells at them
Set: Vampire Clan Living Room – The Elegant Goth /Designer- by Deja Letov
Welcome to the team, Shirley! Now, let's get to this week's challenge. Today is April 1st...already. Can you believe it? Well, since this challenge falls on April Fool's Day AND this month is the 36th anniversary of "Humor Month", I though it would be fun to share some smiles here at the Paper Players this week, with a Theme Challenge:
Popular culture does not have to be destructive: we must revive local fairs and festivals and renew Folk music traditions by expressing contemporary meanings through traditional forms. Bob Dylan did this - “A Hard Rain’s-A gonna fall” is based in the Border Ballad Lord Randall. (1) His anthem for the new age in 1965 “The Times They Are - Changing” used traditional balladic language and was carried by the tune of “Irish Rover” but expressed contemporary matter.
Lt. Gen. Babakir Zebari estimated Wednesday that it will be another 10 years before Iraq’s military is able to cope without help from U.S. forces.
Another smart thing to do would be to get another job or a better job with prospects, a proper job description and an improved pay check on the 20th of each month. Easily said though.
A section on the website where donations can be made online.
· They believe that we will be perfected here on earth
My life hidden with Christ in God! Amen!
just wait until I assemble the final army…an army of me
Cinder Toffee in chocolate.
Something you may or may not know about this girl...
Moon thought about it. He had no other choice. Moon really needed this little short legged shag!
Reviewed by Shona
All this Dave Ramsey stuff is wearing off on me. "Debt is normal. Be weird." It's my new motto.
Next we were delivered a bowl of the corn, bacon and clam chowder - tender sweet clams and chunks of potato, in a light creamy broth studded with bacon and roasted corn kernels, served with a slice of house-baked levain bread on the side. The broth had a sweet, complex flavor and the clams were pretty darn perfect. It looks a little skimpy on the clams, but I think I had already plucked at least one off before I remembered to take the picture.
Jacobson JL, Jacobson SW. Effects of in utero exposure to PCBs and related contaminants on cognitive functioning in young children. J Pediatrics 1990; 116: 38-45.
And the best part is that there are currently 81 releases. About every 3 months a new release is available so there is more variety. Instructors can stick to one release from start to finish, or pick tracks from different releases.
It's a nice, clean and family friendly place to eat. The staff is nice and informative and I think there is much to choose from and all the food is good. The only thing I didn't like was the stir fry station. I didn't think it was all that great and just will stick with what is on the buffet. I had a lo mein stir fry done and it seemed watered down and not very flavorful. I loved the Mango Chicken and plan on visiting again most likely during lunchtime. I'll give you an update when I do!
Events bring out character and the events involving David drive the film. This requires a clearly defined character with specific traits and sociopathy would have been the more appropriate choice but, instead, the filmmakers deliberately emphasise David's Jewishness. The events selected by the filmmakers show David's atrocious character and by now we have been prepared by allusions to see this as inhering in or stemming from his Jewishness.
Brutal death metal mixed with classical, meaning: never before has your face been melted with such elegance. Listening to this feels like your veins have been wired to an adrenaline factory. The filthy, ripped tuxedos the band wears in that video are very appropriate.
maybe I should of bought
Actually it turned out not to be too 'samey' at all and houses an interesting exhibition on whaling...
I tried something new for this card. I made an Acetate window, so it was quite difficult to take a nice photo of it. Since the colors are what I see the spring blooms in, I am also submitting this to The Scraphouse challenge blog and The Paper Dolls challenge blog.
PAPER:Cottonball White (Clear Dollar Stamps), Sweet Threads (Basic Grey)
Changing My Mind- Zadie Smith (p)
But, it would be perfect for a Mother's Day dessert. And Mother's day is coming up in a few weeks...Hint, Hint Brandon if you are reading this! ;) So I'll share it with you in case you want to drop a few hints of your own...or make it for yourself...
The ingredients for faux fondant are
Here is a picture of our front door this year.
With the close of the London meet, there are only a handful of small meets left until the opening of the World Championships on August 27th. This was it for any “big” tests until Daegu – and the final day gave us a few things to ponder, as a group of American athletes stepped up and asked to be counted.
What are the different types of placenta previa?
I’m a passenger and loving it, most of the time, especially now that I’m addicted to audio books. On the way to work on a Monday morning and the return journey I am watching the sky, the light, hoping for a good opportunity to whip out the trusty phone and snap away… and all the while in my ear Stephen King’s work separates one side of my mind from the other. Black House, Misery and Rose Madder have accompanied me on these journeys for the last few weeks. Before that it was The Lord of the Rings and a bit of Pratchet. Isn’t life grand when you can multi-task, while doing nothing?
Spring is in the air again and the garden is starting to push up the new growth and buds are visible on the trees. It won’t be long until the leafy canopy is back like a green shady parasol. I make it sound like we need protection from the heat of the midday sun. I wish!
Epunky brewster (we own the dvd of season 1)
1. Haas avocados, 3 for $1 at Newflower (through 11/17/10)
Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone, Cyclomethicone, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Argania Spinoza Kernel Oil (Argan Oil), Linseed Extract (Linum Usitatissimum), Fragrance (Supplement), D&C Yellow 11, D&C Red 17, Coumarin, Benzyl Benzoate, Alpha Isomethyl Ionone
The numbers now would be 4610 market-rate units on site, plus 2250 affordable units to low-, moderate-, and middle-income renters. That would be 32.7% affordable units onsite.
-Dipping and scooping – it is fun for them to dip or scoop their food into another food.
whichever option came first.
Paling, so Emily from each love and town,
Outside of the craft space it's been a terrific week so far. Here in Scotland we are enjoying fabulous weather with record temperatures, and Aberdeenshire, where my son lives, has been a real hot spot. We have, therefore, been taking advantage of it ... there's no telling how long it will last :)
I am in love with these new Pillows at Pillowtalkk. I think I may have a problem! I want to order all of them for my new project that I have in the works right now.
You can do better than this:
- my little girl's 'Open Door Day' at her ballet class
I love having them next door, and am trying to convince them to buy that house!! LeaAnn and I have started working out together and are making plans on how to keep our kids busy this summer so that they don't drive us crazy :) Not to mention the times we invaded to use their bathroom when ours were out of commission!
85. I am still looking for a prom dress too Kami!! Hmm...if only I would have kept the pretty emerald green one your Aunt made me. Ya, right...like I would really fit into it!
Transitions Optical is doing great things within our community. In addition to their website created to promote healthy vision practices for children, they have also partnered with American Diabetes Association (ADA) to offer free vision screenings at the ADA Health Expos in Chicago & New York.
That's right people. You heard me. LASIK is a piece of cake! The whole thing went down like this...
Because, as always, it’s the story that’s the thing. That’s a truism, of course, but the Christmas story is an unusual one because in one sense it’s the very first dramatisation of history for education and entertainment.
Memories of The One
People are dying. The planet is dying. People and the planet start dying together, a harmony of death almost.
A very warm and special thanks to friends, who this week, and for weeks past, have come alongside and believed in my ability as a captain, long before I had such faith in myself. And to Mrs. McIlmoyle, wherever you may be, for leaving a remark in my grade eleven yearbook that I have never forgotten, and that first encouraged me to continue questioning. Thankful to have started, I now seem unable to stop–and for that, I am deeply grateful.
You might “save” $45 if you only buy the flight and have free transportation to and from both airports. Any other expenses cut into that “profit.”
the Institute of Black Research, University of Natal South Africa ;
The Palestinian Authority has recently encountered a severe financial crisis, which intensifies the Palestinian need for these places of work provided at the settlements.
Interesting. Wonder if her baby takes naps or merely hibernates?
I would say that social networking has a HUGE part to play in self promotion. Before I began playing in clubs regularly, I was using Facebook solely to promote my mixes, contact promoters and generally get myself ‘out there’ Since I started producing 6months ago I regularly uploaded previews of tracks to my soundcloud ahead of their Beatport release, after which my exposure has expanded throughout the UK and even internationally. Relying on social media however, is not what I would advise, it is a great platform to start with but I’ve learnt that ‘Word of Mouth’ and having the right contacts in the industry definitely helps!
Wesley Wright made it with the Astros. Bryan Morris is in Triple A with the Pirates. Pedro Baez is in Double A with the Dodgers. Jaime Pedroza was released last year. Brian Mathews has been out of pro ball since 2009.
I blame those (wonderful) podcasters for 'enabling' me - Diane in particular! She is just the sweetest knitter I've ever not met - LOL :-) She (and other podcasters) have mentioned a few times about the bags they have been buying for their projects. Truth be told, I've never put my projects in a bag, but I had to change that after seeing their bags. And here's mine . . .
For each poision, there is sure to be a antidote.
Onto this week and it's theme time, we have chosen
An artist friend I have known for some years has kindly loaned for two days only a beautiful piece from his yet to be released collection based on Russian, Greek, and Italian Icons.
It’s the love for health that keeps the sick alive.
Chesterton understood the effect we have on others and the world. He realised that the cause of the problems in this world is us. We are the primary destructive force in this world.
It was not a "winner" and published in the newspaper, but it is on the web site. Word is getting out about this little "contest" the newspaper has and there are some gorgeous, professional looking photos being submitted.
I am really excited about this color- it's lively, fresh, a little feminine, a little beachy. I think it will bring a nice bright pop of color to our home. And of course the day I made my decision I immediately went to work pinning... naturally. Let's take a look at some of my coral pinspiration! And I went a little pin-happy, so just click on the word "pinspiration" above to see all of the images I have collected.
After our coffee we set off for the headboard. Viv was a bit worried about how far we had to carry it, but we were only out twenty minutes in total and that included the time spent paying for it. We also had to wait for the man to carry it to the door; he was not going to allow us to carry it through his shop. We had plenty of rests at the road junctions, and had no trouble fitting it in the lift, so all in all a trouble free collection.
Junior Murvin - Cross Over
For this fun and easy mani I used two coats of white, then sponged on three different shades of peach, I started with the darkest and went to the lightest. The first one I used is Funky Fingers taffy town, second I used Finger Paints circus peanuts, and last I used Julep Hayden. It turned out to have nice depth, with still having good bright color :) The first picture is flash, second is natural light.
When we got there, there was a huge crowd of people surrounding the Melt Mobile truck. Bobby Flay’s production crew for his new series Three Days to Open coming out in July held up a sign that said if you’re standing here, you are agreeing to be shown on camera. I used write these for my clients, so it’s funny being on the other side of it! We didn’t see anyone leave, you’d be crazy to leave…especially if you realized what was in store. After a few minutes of waiting, the hungry mob was given permission to move forward and form some kind of blob-like line. This is where Darwin’s theory comes in, though it was more survival of the hungriest. We keed, we keed…it was a high-spirited group of foodicionados that chatted about their favorite restaurants, foods, and what they’d want to order here as we waited. In fact, we got to meet lots of our Facebook and Twitter foodie friends in person which was half the fun!
If UTIs keep occurring, identification and treatment of the underlying cause is essential. Patients who have the same infection coming back can be managed successfully by attending to ‘bladder toilet’ (drinking 2 to 3 litres of fluid daily and always passing urine at bedtime and after sex). Drinking 250 to 500ml of cranberry juice daily and avoidance of bubble baths may also help. If these measures fail, six months of continuous therapy with low dose antibiotics is usually required.
Omens are another way Messenger Angels relay messages to humans on Earth. In fact, omens may very well be the most common way of doing so. If you think about the Biblical scripture you will remember that in the very first book of Genesis it says that “there shall be signs in the Sun, Moon, and stars.” Omens are signs; omens are portents. Since these scriptures date back thousands of years it is fair to say that signs have become a familiar thing, especially among the ancient peoples. They looked to signs to predict the weather, to predict the success of crops, to predict famine, war, and other monumental human events. People have long paid attention to signs and omens. When a sign appears in the heavens it does not appear to one race or nation, but is seen by the eyes of people worldwide.
You love....
Don’t have to pay for all costs
We are Never Alone. Ever.
“That’ll teach the fat bastard!” she said uncharitably. “Great work GB!”
So, not to rub it in for you northern folk, but spring has sprung here in North Carolina. ahhhhhh, bliss. We've got a crop of daffodils coming up and the hellebore are in full flower. We're dreaming up a new vegetable garden and planning new flower beds.
to see first
I simply cut out the butterflies with my Once Upon A Princess cartridge, first moving the blade about 1/3 of the way down the paper. I then hit "line Return" and cut out one more. I trimmed the paper using the negative space where the butterfly was cut. I glued the trimmed papers on my cardstock, and one of each butterfly flat, then the second cut of each butterfly I glued down only the body and bent the wings up. I added some buttons, rhinestones and my sentiment and my card was finished.
That’s a twenty-to-one spread within a so-called partnership. And some of the biggest winners had multi-year guaranteed compensation deals.
And if they both wanted to or needed to go at the same time, and it was during the day when it was just me, what would I do? Have one in our ensuite and one in the main toilet?
It doesn’t matter whether you are chasing children, scrubbing toilets, organizing paper clips, or wowing vast audiences with your unparalleled musical abilities. The Bible says that God is enthroned in the praises of His people. If your heart’s desire is to exalt Jesus through the things you do, you are worshiping Him.
This gorgeous set isn't available anymore, but one lucky reader will win it for themselves! All you have to do is register for Jada's Jewels and leave a comment telling me that you've done so. As usual, easy rules :) Oh, and you can get extra entries for following Employed Panache via GFC or Bloglovin', Twitter, or Facebook - again, just leave a comment for each of these. This giveaway will be open until 11:59pm EST on Wednesday October 19th. I'll pick a winner at random on Thursday October 20th!
At this point, she had abandoned the shoes she came for, and had selected 3 other pairs of sandals. They weren't cheap sandals, either. She asked me if I had brought my coupon and I said no, but I was planning to use it myself anyway.
They were impressed with the results, though. Next up, they tested Yamazaki’s syrupy blood flow against those of three other unhealthy entertainers (a smoker, a frequent sake drinker, and a morbidly obese fellow) to see who had the worst. I’m not entirely sure about what exactly they were measuring in the examination, but it was an unexpectedly interesting race.
While college enrollment has increased (and a bachelor’s degree becomes more of a necessity than an advantage) a new book raises concerns about the rigor on college campuses today. Academically Adrift follows 2,300 students at 24 different schools during their four year experience at a college or university. The study shows nearly a third of students had no improvement in their critical thinking skills. Proportionally to that, a little over a third reported to studying less than five hours per week.
Hope you all have had a great week.
Then, maybe I can get off these pills.
With that Pam removed her nightstick from its holster and started to slowly rub her own crotch with it. Slowly, up and down she rubbed the front of her pants between her own legs.
In fact, no mention of anything negative about anyone except for members of the lacrosse team, despite the significance of this contextual information. And people wonder why the Brodhead administration has received criticism for throwing the players under the bus.
Emma slowly began to lose control of her arms and upper torso and by June 2008 at the tender age of two she was unable to breathe on her own and was taken to the PICU (Pediatric Intensive Care Unit).
I’m surrounded by liberal Bay Area mothers. Most of them are middle class middle age white women born in the United States. Almost everyone is married, and their husbands are usually middle-class and middle age, white and born in this country. Men and women spent their twenties and typically a part of their thirties in school, pursuing white-collar careers and/or being an artiste. Not every mother around here chooses feminist as her primary identity marker, but if asked if they are feminist, most would say yes. I don’t think any of them would have anything negative to say about NOW.
“I just lay the inserts on top of the cover and swap them out to get more uses out of the cover. Works well. Their boy-fold for the inserts works GREAT.”
- thomas bel - innerly - annexia - 2012 (lp)
Boston Celtics point guard Rajon Rondo has been suspended for Game 2 of an Eastern Conference quarterfinal series against the Atlanta Hawks for making contact with a game official, NBA executive vice president of basketball operations Stu Jackson announced Monday.
Truth: Having a life insurance policy through work is a great benefit, but it’s also temporary coverage. If and when you leave that company, the coverage will end. So it makes sense to explore a life insurance policy that will stay with you no matter where you work, says Greg Blake, executive director of life insurance product management at USAA.
12th Apr 1983 Edinburgh Assembly Rooms
Before an attentive, generous audience of some 200 British, American and Australian expats in Paris (plus a handful of indulgent French) - and in a room of the Embassy that re-defined the meaning of the word "sumptuous" - the panel members (yours truly included) yammered on for an hour or so about French stereotypes, the worldwide fascination with France and the state of the French food industry.
But even where faith has faded, the imagery of magic remains. For so broad and basic are its points of reference that it is difficult to avoid them in human intercourse. The language of magic is truly the universal tongue.
from out my hand into your mind,
Anger is not a normal response for me in everyday life. I can get defensive and snarky with the best of them, but I rarely respond in anger. Why does a hard spanking sometimes hit my angry button? I suspect it has something to do with the push and pull of who I am and who I want to be. I am an overly independent woman who at times feels too dependent on her man. I don't like it and yet finding that balance between dependence and independence is part of this journey. We're searching for a healthy interdependence.
And also, while I'm a bit geeky about numbers and statistics, it doesn't mean I'm very good at them. Terms like "standard deviation" make me break out in hives (studying the stats section for the GRE just about did me in). I'm just giving the numbers and then throwing out the top and bottom two to see what it looks like without the extremes.
And the vet was relaxed about this, and Ned got put on drugs. And the drugs worked, until they didn't, when our relaxed vet upped the dosage. To cut a long story short for the past nine months we've been raising the dosage everytime he has more "breakthrough fits".
I've used a LOTV image that was stamped and sent to me last year in a RAK from my good friend Lisa, lol I can't believe how long it's taken me to use it! Once again I've used MFT die cut flowers, I love these as much as my mini round cards lately! The border and swirl are Doo Hickey dies. I dusted off the brads and ribbon from my stash. Image is coloured with Copics and Nesties used for the shapes.
That Which is Not Prohibited is Mandatory
The meal was every bit as elaborate as she’d come to expect when dining with Ewan. There were multiple courses and way too many choices. Jessica felt stuffed long before they were finished. Fortunately, after everyone was finished it was decided they’d rest before returning to the camp.
I pinched my self one time, ouch! two times, still hurts! i think i did it a third time too,lol.
Anyway, finally, it was time for bed again.
“anti-racists” support this FORCED diversity. Anti-racist is a code word for anti-White.
And making me frantic
“She was the girl talking on the phone and she had been looking for me since she was able. Despite her brain damage and crippled body she had survived, grown up, married and had children. She wanted to say “thanks” and to tell me how she had got on… about her home, her children and husband.
I gave my baby daughter, a little ‘tea set’ as a gift and it was one of her favorite toys.
Although Samsung Electronics is constantly exploring new technologies for our mobile devices, we have no immediate plan to include displays featuring 3D technology in our upcoming smartphones.
There is one city in particular. I went there only a couple of weeks ago and I’m ten thousand words into the first draft now. But I have a strict rule never to talk about work in progress. It always seems a bit presumptuous and possibly bad luck. What I can say is I have my eyes on a new story, set in a different European
Tuesday, I did not feel like putting that on Facebook so I ignored it and that was that. No big deal and I went on with the rest of my day. Later that afternoon Bruce and I went grocery shopping as our cupboards were bare. When we go shopping, he carries the bags into the house while I start putting everything away. It's done and over with quickly that way. This day though, Bruce had to go to the bathroom, so he went right straight into the house. I decided that I would bring in the groceries (which I haven't done in ages) and opened up the hatch. What I saw made me just stop in my tracks and say "Oh My God". Here's what I saw laying in the back of my SUV.
Since baking is my passion I wanted to share an easy recipe that I've been tweaking, which offers a variety of customizations for your family's needs and personalities. They're a portable riff on granola, but without the grains and tons of sugar.
When the 2007 reforms were first proposed in 2005, they were harshly attacked by Williamson County DA John Bradley and several House members (all of whom have left the Legislature, or will before next session) who complained that the changes would unleash a crime wave on the state. Not only did that not happen, though, crime continued to decline, even as thousands of offenders were diverted from prisons each year through the new programs.
We have a little herb garden outside the kitchen, and this sage never disappeared this winter. Today when Gary was cleaning out there he cut a lot of it and it went to a couple of my students.
Verve Sonnet UK
COPPER LINED VESSELS - 'Most of these vessels are all right, but there is one large vessel made into two by division in centre. At times I understand this division bulges with the pressure, when the copper lining cracks and the one vessel leaks into the other. This is highly dangerous, and the worts and yeast are bound to be infected and some strengthening arrangement ought to be fitted, such as a strong iron bar right through centre of vessels and connected outside by means of plates, and all cracks soldered up.'
Update: Textgram now has the Tweegram ‘Hello Kitty’ template & it now supports Emoji.
But then I thought: my readers deserve to know the truth- that I mess up as much as the next person. A lot of my readers email me saying that I'm innovative and creative. Well, you know what comes with that territory? Lots and lots of failed kitchen experiments. lol. My friend Kevin mentioned once that it might be fun to do a "bloopers" entry on my blog, and I guess the idea stuck. hehe. But all things aside, here's the ultimate reason why I decided to post them: those ugly little things were TO DIE FOR DELICIOUS! In fact, they were SO delicious that I felt like they deserved to be mentioned on a blog titled "Delicious Delicious Delicious!" =)
It’s safe to say that your platform is somewhere in between Paul’s and Tebow’s.
…They way I touched you with gentle but errant desire.
Anyway, today I have two aprons to show you.
26th April marks the 25th anniversary of Chernobyl. The incident at Reactor Number 4 was, and may well remain, the worst atomic accident the world has every seen.
a. The government unit needs to have at least five people, and
1 celery stick, chopped
Aren't the colors soft and soothing?
1. A tripod is mandatory! Seriously, if you don’t have one of these, get one, pronto. Truly stunning fireworks shots require 2-4 second exposures; it’s not humanly possible to hold a camera perfectly still for that length of time. Which leads to …
Today, me and DD have been relaxing, eating great foods, and we just finished watching the amazing movie Frida (2002). Now it’s time to watch The Spirit (and more movies?) and drink more tea.
No work, no priorities, no worries.
Contact Person:NELSON ALEN.
Details about your first personal art piece:
Lastly, on miniatures and transporting them: my homemade carrying case is falling apart, and I could really use a new transport. I’m looking at Portable Warfare, because they’re the only company so far that I’ve seen making a bright orange transport bag. You won’t ever misplace that sucker. It’s bright freaking orange. So I’m trying to save up for that, and I’ve started a ChipIn for it. It’s a little fundraiser thing, where people can donate. You can find it here. I’ve got an Etsy shop where I sell dice bags and such, and you can use the coupon code THNXMUCH for 15% off your order. I’d much prefer to sell a few dice bags, so please spread the word, and pass the coupon code along too!
About 12million Ilegal immigrants live in the Us from all over the world. 104 million people live in extreme poverty in Mexico, since th US is their neigbors they go there to get a better life. Actually during the Bush admiinistration the US gained 3 million more ilegal immigrants aproximately. The Us not only has ilegal mexicans, there are a great number of people from centran and south america and the caribean living in the US. There are chinese people, arabs people from all over the world live ilegaly in the US.
The award also distinguished the almost mystical work of Suriya Umpansiriratana, a Thai painter and convert to Buddhism, who is building a monastic centre at the heart of the jungle, in perfect harmony with its surroundings.
And these aren't the only ones. As well as TheFunnyMouse1, TheFunnyLips, TheFunnyCupcake, TheFunnyDiamond and TheFunnyPeanut There's also TheFunnyCoconut, TheFunnyMustach, TheFunnyWitch, TheFunnyCamera, TheFunnyHeart, TheFunnyFrog1, TheFunnyDuck1, TheFunnyHouse, TheFunnyShrimp, TheFunnyCherry, TheFunnyDragon, TheFunnyTooth, TheFunnyCheetah, TheFunnyCroc, TheFunnyCake, TheFunnyKitty, TheFunnyBaby and more. Many, many more. There are loads of similarly named accounts all tweeting the same thing over and over and over and over. They get closed down occasionally, but new accounts get created and so it goes on. And on. And on and on and on.
This process caused Travis to YELL for me downstairs.
Personification: Love It is my focus today to stay in the grace of God to be able to put on display the fruit of love that comes from God, who is love. I hope to be able, by the inspiration of the holy Spirit, to stop trying so hard to please God and just do what he tells me to do, with the resources that He has given me.
Official Testimony to DC37 on 05/26/2011
is told in a unique and well thought out fashion. Flashbacks to the past are wonderfully written to flow flawlessly with the present, giving you an amazing insight into Nate and Adam’s relationship. Though Nate seems childish at times, his feelings are warranted. He has a tragic past and is still raw from the experience. I felt his heartache and his triumphs.
Yes, a good lie and a con job can go a long way.
Connectivity : 1 x Micro SD slot, 1 x AC Jack, 1 x 3.5mm Earphone Jack, 1 x Mini USB, 1 x HDMI out
reality churning itself in it’s own pace,
eventually.......
ICARDA. Aleppo, Syria. 2012
"For fans of The Hunger Games"
stop the chatter of what happened or what's to come
When you walk in the front door, you can look straight ahead to the dining area, to the right the small hallway where you have the main bathroom on the left, the craft room first door on the right, and storage room which is at the end of that hall.
* Twine - love it and want to use it on everything
This is a recording I've had (and treasured) since my high school days. Just a freaky old dude with a tape recorder, reading his own stuff, spliced with weird music and sound effects. You'd have to be a real soulless dickwad to be unable to get into this one.
We left the dogs in the Trek this morning and made our way to the Black Hills Wild Horse Sanctuary, which is about a 70-mile drive south of Rapid City.
How much further will prices drop? Indeed, will prices continue to drop at all? Who knows, I would say the general consensus is that prices will continue to drop. You might find the DAFT.ie 2012 Consumer Attitudes Survey published today of interest though its scientific accuracy is questionable. This is what I believe to be a comprehensive list of forecasts and projections for Irish residential property [house price projections in Ireland are contentious for obvious reasons and the following is understood to be a comprehensive list of projections but please drop me a line if you think there are any omissions].
Suggestions must not entail removal of clothing.
- Federal Wire
…Coming Soon – the story of how I got my name. Story requests are welcome!!!
A few years ago, the city put in coloured bike lanes along a busy street. The reaction has been that these lanes have been a failure. The design did not consider the hoards of taxis that drop off people along the street curb side. Nor was there consideration for drivers who use the lanes to squeeze by other drivers. Nor was there consideration for the motorcyclists crossing the lanes to get to the parking on the shoulder adjacent to the sidewalk.
I made a post the other day about quantity versus quality. I would really like to know what other folks think..... I'm pretty sure it might be a concern for more than just me.
from your elegant and tapered fingertips.
I’ve been digging deep into celebrating that gift, living out loud, laughing from the belly, spending myself loving God and others, following my Redheads chasing their dreams, and having the time of my life chasing down my own by writing a book. It’s my postcard from the other side of cancer/chemo to my survivor sisters. Been there, done that, had to buy a new t-shirt, wish they were here, on this side, too.
5. They are marriage minded. Their goal is marriage and they have no qualms about it. When they find an acceptable girl they don’t have cold feet. They may have girlfriends who they have no plans on marrying when they are young, but eventually they will go looking for someone who is marriage appropriate. They aren’t afraid of commitment.
On a typical new release Tuesday, I will go to the website www.newreleasetuesday.com, see what interests me that released that day, and pull it up on Rhapsody. After listening to the album(s), I then go to either Amazon.com, or emusic.com, and download the tracks that appeal to me. This method saves me money, and keeps me from buying MP3′s that I will never listen to!!
Using my faux slap chop, I chopped up the walnuts.
Much less fun to read, but certainly a book I won't forget reading is David Patneaude's Epitaph Road http://search.barnesandnoble.com/Epitaph-Road/David-Patneaude/e/9781606840559/?itm=1&USRI=epitaph+road It came to mind as it is Memorial Day and I remember how my breath stuck in my chest the first time I saw all the small white crosses in a Veteran's cemetery. My dad was a WWII vet so talking about the military and the men who died during that war was part of my growing up. Dad was in the South Pacific so he didn't see the mass graves in the concentration camps but that is what I thought of when Patneaude described the mass burial memorial for the thousands of people, mostly men who died from a virus that killed 97 percent of the male population on earth. Imagine being a teenage boy, one of the few males, and the son of one of the women who worked closely with the government and monitoring the small splinter groups of men who choose to live in isolated settlements. Kellen is this 15-year-0ld teenage boy and he is furious that his mother is not going to allow him to spend the summer with his father, a fisherman who docks in a small coastal village on Washington state's coastline. When Kellen and the two new girls who have moved into his group home overhear the adults talking they figure out what is going on. The women in control have decided it is time to deal with the rebellious men and they know just how to do it - not much different than the last time. Now it is a race against time and the authorities as the three teenagers ride out on their bikes to save Kellen's dad.
Whilst fully approving the decision to refuse the registration, the reasons therefore are fairly interesting to read. The pertinent case-law says that the trademark registration should be refused if the trademark is suitable for offending the sense of morality of a considerable part of the public. The senate argues that the public perception does not depend on the perception of the majority in a calculatory sense. Rather, the act of registering the trademark would increase the fraction of the public feeling disturbed by the trademark.
250g punnet black berries
US counter-terrorism officials may try to kill American citizens embroiled in extremist groups overseas with “specific permission” from higher up, the top US intelligence chief said.
I've been doing this for years, since Popkomm was in Cologne. Cologne in early September was usually a really nice place to be: drinking Kölsch by the side of the Rhine on a warm late-summer evening is an experience everyone should have. Now it's in Berlin, at the ICC convention center, having been bought by the city from the consortium who started it, just in time for the collapse of the record industry. Berlin: always such great timing. Still, this has meant that the music part of the conference, in clubs during the evenings, has expanded, which is good PR for the event, even though, from what I could see, the daytime part, the trade show and conference, is smaller than ever. (Rumor has it that the event won't be held at the ICC next year, and I'm wondering where it would be held, if not: Kongreshalle am Alexanderplatz? Maybe...)
“I feel like if anything, the prosecution, they will be on my side,” he said.
Tuesday, May 29
single monthly repayments to your new lender.
The combination of the philosophy and cosmology of Tibetan Buddhism is something unique to Ladakh; not to mention the fact that Ladakhi Buddhism borrows closely from Tibetan Buddhism.
I tackled staining the deck today. What's funny is I was told not to stain it using a paintbrush by a couple of people because it would be too hard to do it that way and would take forever. Well, once I got started, it seemed to go along pretty fast and I was actually done before I knew it. One of the rare times it took me less time to do than I thought. I decided to use a paintbrush because I just didn't want any weird streaks or blotches from a roller or sprayer, so I was stubborn and used the paintbrush anyway and am glad I did. It turned out wonderful.
cabbage
Dance is release. Dance, like Friel’s gorgeous memory play, is a way to capture the pure feeling of a moment. Lughnasa’s ghostly sisters and the men who orbit around them know this. They dance like no one’s watching. And what begins as a technical chore, somehow morphs into a beautiful thing. That’s why we do this – spend spring evenings in stifling rehearsal rooms, stepping (literally and figuratively) on one another’s toes.
in rolling streets
The on-going situation with the Secret War books may well be something that will fall foul of the recession. Like it or not, getting a series published in the middle by another publisher is a tall order at the best of times. During a recession, it's something only a genius can achieve, and while I have one on my side now (see the news in the last blog entry) I'm making preparations for a suspension of work on the next Secret War novel to concentrate on one of the many other projects I wanted to pursue later. The decision is a prudent one given the state of play and while it's partly driven by financial considerations (I'm loathed to say) I want to give the next Secret War novel a chance and the current situation doesn't do that. The new project, a book called "Purgatory", comes at the right time. It plugs into what's happening in my working life and my private life, and has the advantage that it's a shorter book than the next Secret War novel and is a big enough departure to come back refreshed and try another side of my writing I haven't explored. Unlike The Black Hours (which I'll be completing at the end of the month) "Purgatory" will not be discussed in any detail on this blog - this project is being kept largely under wraps due to the plot and the genre. The idea is quite original, so I've been advised to keep it to myself until it's all done, otherwise I may find those gnashing teeth getting a bit close for comfort.
Aquaman #7
would lead to a
29. My hubby's cleanliness.
I began with an ampersand mask that I had in my stash but I wanted the masked section to be the negative of the shape not the outside.
Ritual is a part of every fraternity man or sorority woman's experience. While this may be true, the extent to which it is differs greatly. Some collegiate members see their Ritual on a regular basis, some talk about it, some learn it, some lead their chapter in Ritual study or practice. To others, Ritual happens once a semester or once a year - it's a book, or a phrase. It may have been edited down to be a short as possible, or pages and dialog have been lost or forgotten.
Sadly, there could be only one winner - but why not pop over to
As they walk back to you, you contemplate telling them what just occurred in your mind, but instead throw them a smirk and kiss them as they grab your hand. It is moments like that that make love all worthwhile. You could be anywhere, doing anything and that one person will always be yours. Whether they are on the other side of the room, or right by your side always remember you are the luckiest person in that room because that one amazing person loves you and calls you theirs.
For some of the dishes, the coals may also be placed on the lid to distribute heat evenly (Source: Here)
Agita. Bring on the cake.
“So it would seem,” Fortunatus nodded.
1" fresh ginger (washed well)
The last time I took a major inventory of my shoe closet was right before I moved into my current apartment. I noticed that I had my shoes from prom still and like 10 pairs of black heels. I mean, really black is great – but that’s just not necessary, especially considering the rest of my wardrobe didn’t reflect this awesome love for black. So I made some hard decisions. My prom shoes may have still been in perfect condition, but I hadn’t worn them since high school and it made no sense for me to still have them. I had pictures with them – it was time to give up the ghost.
So long as there is an Israel - there will be no Holocaust. By might, by right - we are here. Today, we brought Aharon Alexander home. The families of those killed in the recent Paris school attack have already announced they will be among those moving to Israel in the near future.
And yes, Q is wearing the Union Jack here, but purely for aesthetic purposes. My Dutch grandfather went to school in England, and my lovely cousins Poppy and Sophie were born and raised in the UK. But Q has yet to visit that corner of the world. Someday soon...I hope.
I guess that’s understandable. Now I just need to accept that and get to the point where I want the same. Not talk to him, text him or think about him. It’s hard but I have to. To get back to me, he’ll have to get to the point where he misses me…
Almost everything by Roald Dahl, for its originality and boldness.
The difference between Leo and Andy is night and day and Giffin did a great job making them both well-rounded characters. It was so easy to see why Ellen was drawn to both of them and by not allowing either one to be a villain, Giffin made the novel a much better read than if one was a terrible guy.
And I realized, this boy is not only as stubborn as me, he's even more stubborn than me. Oh boy.
5) Don’t even get me started on the time I had to prove I was over 16 to buy PRITT STICK. YES, the glue that 4-year-olds use in reception!!!!
Other stellar opening trios: David Bowie: Ziggy Stardust (track 4's not bad, either), The Flaming Lips are very good at opening songs and trios that set out the tone for the album...and also kick ass, The Yeah Yeah Yeahs albums "Fever to Tell" and "It's Blitz" also do this really well, but the masters might be The White Stripes: all of their studio albums do this in spades, bringing the thunder while setting the soundscape.
Episode 3: Keyboards
A drug experimenter in the sixties.
Working 10 hours a day is rough at the hospital pharmacy, but it is worth it for that 1 day off...a complete day off that I get to go and browse my favorite stores for thrifting.
When you were younger, making friends was a simple as going up to someone on the school playground, kicking them in the ankles and pulling a mong face at them and then asking “Do you want to go look at some worms?”
That really how you want to be remembered?
Type random gibberish. At least I’m hitting keys!
I want to thank you, for giving me the best day of my life. Oh, just to be with you, is having the best day of my life.
Working from home is absolutely amazing. Work has been pretty slow so I'm not sure I've gotten a true taste of what it could be like, but I've really enjoyed being able to sleep in, get errands done, hang out with my puppy and keep the TV all while I'm working. And doing that in yoga pants isn't half bad either.
Purple paisley skirt: thrifted from Rerun
Congratulations to UKIP for putting country before party by not running against MP's of similar conviction who wish to see the people of the UK be granted a referendum on EU membership.
Confirming that was the first-ever example of a counter-protest, a well-engineered effort by Forest City Ratner--with several operatives on hand--to assemble a boisterous crowd of union workers and Community Benefits Agreement signatories, groups that have received the developer's support. No pro-project elected officials were visible.
It was a computer! The whole thing was a game, as far as I was concerned. Look how long I was able to play contentedly with a stick, a box, and dirt! This orphaned robot was fine by me. I remember in those early weeks of Vic-20 ownership, the rising anticipation I would feel at school as the clock swung into afternoon, and I was that much closer to getting home and booting up my Vic-20, painstakingly deciphering the friendly owner’s manual, and cautiously keying in a few lines of code.
My Islam is Zevi helping the universe heal
When death interferes with your plans, it knocks you in the stomach! It may knock you down and you find it is just too hard to get back up again, especially if you have just lost your spouse and you are all alone. You may even wonder if God has left you too, because you feel so lonely and so empty inside.
Well let me tell you something. If you were followed around and interviewed on the regular after your job, interrogated for statements made by your peers and outside sources that you didn’t even hear about yet, how would you feel to be ridiculed for being a good guy that works hard in a world cluttered with laziness and fake personalities? Of course it comes with the profession of being in the NFL. I’m just trying to show you how these athletes are people just like you and I, they’re getting paid the big bucks to be physical specimens and public figures as well.
I liken my own personal spiritual path to a long vacation trip . . . where there are many stops and lovely gift shops. I go into different areas of my spiritual interests and look around. I may or may not find something I want to keep for myself, but its an adventure all the same, seeing the many gifts they have to offer.
The Ditty Bops--Bye Bye Love
I’ve long advocated for an internationalization strategy: diversifying various assets and interests overseas so that no one single government has total control over your livelihood.
Denny Hamlin. Denny is so strong at his home track. He was came from nowhere in last night’s Nationwide race to come up a lap short of the victory. He was quick in practice and qualified in the top 10. If Denny is not our first back-to-back winner this season, I’ll be disappointed. The only person Denny has to beat at Richmond is himself.
Gem and Pearl: Want2Scrap
It wasn't a bad plan. There are two of us, and we are both going to the same general area, at same times, on the same days.
This is my first real experience with Spanish food, and boy is it wonderful. Very much dependent on a few high quality ingredients and skillful preparation, you don’t see much Spanish food make it to the states. After our meal, we go back to the apartment, and I fall asleep. For a long time. What was supposed to be a nap turned into a 15 hour siesta. Because of this, I suppose dad will have to recap the rest of the day as I was unconscious.
Hello Grandma
Humidity
- Again, I've not seen it since I was a kid, but I remember being totally creeped out in The Elephant Man when Merrick is chased by that mob. For shame, humanity.
It was a beautiful day in Lagos and nothing could be more enjoyable than the company of good friends with whom to share it. The Provost and his family moved into the International Guest House last night due to their not having had electricity at their home for the past three days. He and his family are lively, delightful, joyous people and sharing the evening with them was a real treat!
Arrival Contact Point:
I hope you have enjoyed your visit with me today. Please check the other pinkie participants over at Beverly's blog, How Sweet The Sound.
+ you prefer heavier coverage foundations
Wore it for a few years.
Online Play: Mario Tennis Open players can compete and cooperate in local wireless matches with other opponents and play exhilarating games. Players can also build up their Open Match standings, check the monthly leaderboard and win Victory Medals from every challenger they defeat.
Good-by Penny Illusion
Jason Aaron's scripts for Scalped discuss poverty is a way which few comics have ever thought to. He's clearly far too smart to swallow crass situationalist theories which reduce individuals to mindless victims of class structures, but he's also no interest in perpetuating the politically-convenient, hand-washing myth that the right sort of folks will always find a way to work themselves out of the worst of circumstances. From the very first chapter of Indian County, Aaron and his artistic collaborator R.M. Guera make it absolutely clear that life on the Prairie Rose Indian Reservation presents its inhabitants with deprivations which can't be wished away or conquered with nothing more than a willingness to work hard matched to godly good thinking. The Reservation is a monster of oppression and exploitation which exists beyond anyone's capacity to substantially reform, let alone redeem, without their first committing the most appalling of acts. Though the pages of Scalped show us a number of women and men who are working to make their community as good a place as they can to live in, the spine of the tale always emphasises that the Reservation has been established and maintained in such a way that its people can only at the very best survive there. In that, Scalped very much isn't a comic book concerned with the usually comforting pablum of how the individual can rise above the world if only they fight hard enough, if only they're true to this principle or that. Instead, it seems to be Aaron's purpose to discuss how the choices before his characters are framed by forces which are largely, and despite their very best efforts, beyond their control. They can attempt to wrestle sense and advantage out of the world that they've through no fault of their own been condemned to, but the cost of doing so is always exhausting and appalling.
26Then Joshua had them put to death, hanging them on five trees, where they were till evening.
I think that by now, you may have picked up from reading my blog that I have an issue with clutter... and I have an issue with hanging things on our walls... Not because I don't want to, but I am always too worried that what I choose will look 'wrong'...also, our living room is our only living space and it is TINY...so I always worry that if I hang things on the walls it will make the room feel even smaller...
Valdivia, Chile
It was performance art that would make Damien Hirst’s shark in formaldehyde seem like a John Constable painting and Tracey Emin’s unmade bed seem like a perfectly normal idea.
Dropped him off three minutes early, which the teachers apparently did not like. Wow. He showed me round and I left him in the sandpit, after happily being told to leave because he was fine, I stole a kiss and snook off, struggling to Adam’s with an empty pram, and Adam and a dog in tow.
by Margaret Bednar, Art Happens 365, July 17, 2012
Perfect sky sipping on wine
The book details much of the history and nature of Victoria in Australia, including I was pleasantly surprised the Eureka Stockade, the scene of a heroic rebellion in 1854 from which we get the Eureka banner, similar to Irish banners, based on star constellations. Professor Geoffrey Blainey said the Eureka flag was an "Irish Cross."
"They can’t do it. It’s the jack-of-all-trades-master-of-none thing. Digital marketing is fragmented across mobile and the Web and so on. They can’t be experts in every area."
I want to dress like a French girl. I want to do classic with a twist and I most definitely like a hint of the sexy but also I do love a crazy kaftan. It is my cover up of choice. It's the dress to wear when you don't want to be dressed up. For those of us who don't sport patterns and prints it's our time to be awash with the busy. For those of us who live for the neutral and the black; the kaftan is our celebration of the colour spectrum.
So obviously it’s heaven
Just a quick update everyone. I am here at CHA and we are getting for the bagpipes and eye candy projects. Come by the Helmar booth and say hi, try the amazing adhesives and make a make and take. You can find us at booth #1262
“Economic saboteurs” – many former urban dwellers were deemed guilty due to their lack of agricultural ability.
Citra and Nelson IPA 7.1%
If you've read all my blog posts, you know what a picky eater I used to be. I didn't eat a lot of international foods, my food has to be hot, I don't like sweets or dessert, etc. Add to the list, I never liked creamed soups. I prefer broths - thin, clear broths filled with lots of veggies. The idea of putting a can of cream of mushroom soup into anything makes me ill. I'm getting ill just thinking about it.
“I am really pleased with my game today. It was hard because my opponent fights for every point,” said Saina. “There were ups and downs because one side of the court is more affected by the draft, but I managed to keep the lead in the third game. That was important. I’m really feeling like home here in Indonesia. It’s the third final I’m playing in and I hope I can beat my Chinese opponent. I like to play against the Chinese.”
Judge: Attorney Christian you may cross-examine the witness.
Hell’s Corner by David Baldacci (audio)
And, if the weekend hasn’t been too nice to you and you didn’t catch that fish, it is an opportunity to throw the line in again. Let’s face it; the people around you are in the same situation aren’t they?
That said, I don’t overly fret dating a story. I don’t think you can write convincing contemporary settings without occasionally taking that risk.
Crescerà sì tua vaghezza,
Now I would like to share 3 of the basic dal recipe made in my kitchen quit often (ie) atlest any of these two dals will be made once in a week.
I'm planning my sister's bridal shower & a little getaway with my hunny
Little Sun Sun Island Collect all 4 oil barrels on Sun Sun Island
Dad went for a walk around when we got there and mum and i got the boys into their swimmers. Then Jordy was straight in the river and wanting to go floating off downstream. Mum had Darcy and i was still getting ready to get in and Jordy is off! Little bugger. I was a bit worried about him going over the edge of the waterfall but i met him down the end and he kicked over to me. Not that it was a big waterfall! He would not have been hurt if he went over but he might have scared himself.
.HOW I FEEL NOW.
As the nightly program wound through several non-college football segments, Dunlaw reflected on the surreal nature of his situation: “I still can’t believe Herbie’s sleeping with my Tracy. It’s so unreal. I feel like I should be texting Knox right now. Y’know, something like, ‘Oh my god. You won’t believe this! This is amazing!’”
Raise your hand if you’re in wuv! Oh look, my hand is in the air!
But why are there so few older women in television anyway? I considered the roles for women over 35 in shows that I watch. You’ll have to pardon my lack of reality television knowledge, so feel free to fill me in on older women in any of those shows. Also, I am aware that these are all dramas.
Have you wondered what an EU career would involve and how to apply?
A movie like Red Tails which narrates the lives of such upstanding historical figures are exactly what the African-American society wants to see in the Big Screen. We’re constantly bombarded with negative, & comical depictions of our selves to see a film with respectable figures that reflect us is immensely relieving.
And where does a bug like this come from? The part of the program appears completely unchanged to me. Why would something that worked fine in the prior version and is apparently unchanged suddenly have a bug? A million to one shot based on my configuration? I guess I'll never know. But if Intuit suddenly decides to send me a fat check for my time, I certainly won't complain. (Hint, hint.)
...Blue Fish.
'No,' I say, 'But that's a good guess. It shows me you know the Romans had no electricity. Well done!'
a mind he uses
The IoM’s secret ties to the military and weapons manufacturers
Ethical Corporation and Useful Social Media are today hosting a conference on reputation and crisis management in New York.
But that’s not all. He also stated that “There is no such thing as global warming.” He is also a creationist who believes it should be taught in schools as well as why evolution is wrong. “What we should be teaching are the problems and holes and I think there are legitimate problems and holes in the theory of evolution.”
Featuring colour maps and more, it's regarded by fans as an essential reference for Judge Dredd writers - professional and amateur - and for Dredd fans in general, it's a guide that should also interest anybody wanting to explore perhaps one of the richest science fiction mythology ever produced by British comics.
Break the fast that your body has experienced while sleeping with a breakfast that will encourage your body to burn fat not store it. That means avoiding all those over processed, high GI cereals out there that cause insulin levels to rise and your fat storing ability to increase and go for a far slower releasing, preferably wholegrain option instead. Ideally, you’ll add some protein too as this helps to increase satiety (feelings of fullness) for longer and will help to slow the rate of emptying from the stomach even further. Great options to go for include:
1. Find and secure my daily routine.
(thanks to crusty juggler for the festive pictorial contribution, courtesy of andrew bell)
Thank you Steve.
You will be taken to the checkout screen. Underneath the Price there is a small coupon code box. Copy/paste or type the code you received in that box. It is NOT case sensitive. Then, be sure to click the button Update
453 comments
All Good Things by Leigh Somerville picks up where her first novel It All Started with a Dog left off, answering the question, “Will Rachel Springer marry John Turner?” Just when Rachel thought the biggest challenge was choosing a wedding dress, her ditsy friend Susan shares a painful secret that shakes her already shaky confidence in love. A bequest from Rachel’s grandmother — and a near-death experience with John’s grandson, Ben — help her make the decision that changes the lives of every character in the book.
So is it delusion over King Kenny’s status at Liverpool or is it because they still have pride and dignity over what they have achieved? Either way, if they want to hear any jaw dropping You’ll Never Walk Alone’s before a Champions League clash then they best head up to Celtic because with Dalglish in charge it doesn’t look like that will be happening any time soon.
"...Mrs. Flynn," he was saying, "I just wondered if Philip was in? No? Oh, he took that flight to Aruba did he? Then he won't be back until later this evening? Midnight? Oh that's unfortunate."
Okay, back to the break. Here is what was waiting for me when I opened my pack of 2011 Topps Attax:
In our faith there can become cliques of philosophy, that we can become adapted to and shaped by. For me its the new monastic movement, I find that it appeals to me, the scripture and verses they use seem to click enforcing the way they look at the Christian faith. Thats great, I have learnt so much from members of that movement, its shaped me as a person, but do I know it for myself? Or have I just taken and shared a photocopy of my faith, a photocopy of God. Do I know the word of God enough to be built on it? Or am I building on a mismatch and collage of others ideas, to rebrand and present ways of doing things that are actually the same, they just look different?
Hi all! So it’s summer, which is a huge relief for me, seeing as the weather here in Toronto is finally getting nice, and seeing as I’m finally done with classes and now have some free time and flexibility in my schedule. And so, in order to better take advantage of this new-found freedom of mine, I’ve decided to start a little summer blog series which I’m calling Toronto Café Tour. The basic idea is that throughout the summer I’ll be visiting as many Toronto cafés as I can manage, and posting mini-reviews of each of them here. Not only will this mission give me some initiative and purpose to go out and explore new areas of the city, it will also help me suss out the best places in town to get me some java, as well as the best places to hunker down and do some work—info that you, too, will hopefully appreciate.
A lot of expats complain about the buses in Lima. They drive too fast. They are dangerous. They seem to be totally unregulated. But I love them. This might warrant a word of explanation. I don’t love that the bus drivers seem reckless, that the bus I am riding could break down at any time, or that there are no emissions standards, so on any busy street I eventually find myself holding my breath through a cloud of black bus exhaust, from some huge retired Bluebird school bus with an oil leak, enjoying a second life as a public transport.
We have ten kegs and two firkins of Whiskey Barrel Commercial Suicide set for release.
This week we're here with a whole brand new challenge!
Burnsville,” he said.
The Yardbirds: Dazed And Confused
Rather than be dismayed, I decided that I could do a better job of translating my mental image to reality. I had had great successs with wide leg pants before, so why not go one step further? So I headed out to my local fabric store to pick up some stretch denim and set about drafting a pattern for these beauties. The idea I had in mind was a 1940's casual look, but I wanted them to translate into all kinds of other styles. Much of the success or failure of this idea depends on the accessories employed in this endeavour.
I will weep tears of joy if he's emerging from a grandfather clock onto the sands of Dieppe.
Fall in contribution of agriculture to the overall Gross Domestic Product (GDP), which has gone down to 13.9 per cent. It notes that this trend is expected in the development process of any economy. Yet, agriculture forms the backbone of development, as 52 per cent of India’s work force is still engaged in agriculture for its livelihood and is important for food security and inclusive growth.
If you'd like a button for your blog sidebar, you can use this one...
‘Workshop – Creativity and Creative Problem Solving’ - David Hall
During one Christmas tour, Derek became very friendly with an acrobat called Sally, who had recently joined us. Sally knew he didn’t mate with females, but still used to hug and kiss him in a friendly sort of way, which didn’t seem to bother Derek. So no one took much notice when the two spent many hours chatting and dancing together at the New Year’s Eve party. And when Sally followed Derek back to his trailer that night, it was surely just for a friendly cup of coffee to see in the New Year.
I love Neil Gaiman, Clive Barker, Susan Clarke, H.P. Lovecraft. Outisde of the genre, Jonathan Franzen is a fantastic writer and I can’t get enough of Kurt Vonnegut. Ultimately though, I’m a child of Stephen King. He’s the author that first opened me up to the possibilities of storytelling. I remember sneaking The Shining from my parents room when I was a kid and being absolutely petrified by what I read. King taught me the power of words.
Lets say you started off with a $300,000 mortgage in 2007. Your amortization was for 30 years and you locked into the 5 year quick close rate of 5.19%. This would make your mortgage payment $$1635.26 per month. If you did not do any lump sum payments, and you did not change your mortgage to a bi-weekly rapid payment your remaining balance would be roughly $276,008.65. You would also have 25 years of mortgage payments left.
The aim of the “International Conference on Innovation and Development” (3-5 June, 2012) is to take stock of the relevance of the work of Austrian economist Joseph Schumpeter for developing countries. The conference coincides with the centenary of the publication of Schumpeter’s seminal work, The Theory of Economic Development (1911). The conference will be held in conjunction with the annual Innovation for Economic Development executive program.
My husband’s parents have been a huge help this time around. Without them I don’t know what we would have done. Three years ago I really started thinking I was going to die. If the disease didn’t kill me, the meds would. That same year, because of cancer I buried two people I loved dearly. It makes you face your mortality. I became sad and depressed, afraid I would be dead soon, too. I had things I wanted. Things I needed to know would be taken care of if I did die soon. My boys are still children. They still need taking care of. So I started planning and making people promise me certain things. I needed assurance that if I died within months everything would be okay. And in my defense, I am not the only one who thought I wouldn’t still be here today, we ALL thought it. We all thought I only had months left.
“I worry that life becomes reduced down to theological statements or an obsession with the Christian subculture. I worry that when I read some blogs it’s almost like the author is wearing their ‘Chrsitian’ hat and afraid to admit to their audience that they love things like the Inbetweeners and Glee.”
Today I'm working on morning work for next week. We're doing a grammar review each day next week, so look for more of these coming up in the next few days.
Readings: Acts 8: 26-40 and John 15:1-8
Combine flour, ground ginger and sugar in a mixing bowl.
While Averil was trying to distill her essence into a few well-turned phrases, I was fretting that I'd reached Level Six of becoming my mother. My most recent symptoms include nagging Nate's girlfriend Bree to consider going to school to be an R.N.
Slowly add the matza meal, stirring the mixture with a spoon. You need to do this slowly and in stages, as the matza meal hardens the egg mixture quite quickly and you don’t want your mixture to get hard.
Short of the Greeks buckling, however, it looks as if the Eurogroup will have run out of options and be forced on Monday to approve – in principal – the bailout deal. Merkel and her northern allies have until then to engineer still more excuses for the Greeks to drop out.
Eat your favorite food and visit places you love.
I used this amazing Kenny K image to create my Steampunky vision. WILDLY enough I picked the colors and then found paper to match the colored image. I couldn't believe I found this paper. I nearly fell into shock when I did, and that it worked so well.
Bottom line: if you have any interest in WWII aircraft – check out the Wings of Freedom tour. Their schedule can be found here.
So, Trojans and people excited for Emily Maynard coverage, if you have a few bucks, help Miner make this album happen. It will be the soundtrack to your summer, I have no doubt. This man metabolizes bourbon with the best of them and bucks the trend of people in Silverlake not loving football. This guy loves Trojan football as much as he loves music. Back a fellow bearfighter. Especially one with the ability to grow a fro like the one displayed in some of the pictures in this post. Pure follicle fire.
– Steve Wheeler, Associate – Moore Stephens
loves Dora!
The best-remembered defaults are those after wars and revolutions: Russia and Germany in 1917-19, China in 1949, Russia again in 1998. But the key thing to note is that these are atypical: almost all sovereign defaults are the result of changes in the directional and quantitative flow of loans compared to previously.
Even the developed democracies are sounding their doubts about multiculturalism.
The Ealing Gazette.
As an overview, note that Habermas’s methodology falls far short of the basics of performing meta-analysis in the social sciences and would not, for example, pass peer review in a secular academic journal. Wikipedia nicely summarizes some of the basics required for a formal meta-analysis. Habermas’s approach is really closer to a simple literature review, whereby the author summarizes the current state of the relevant research in their field to give the reader a “one-stop-shopping” kind of approach. (Lit reviews are great, but they don’t establish facts, which is Habermas’s goal.)
1 coulda
That got away
Merry Christmas to all, on this Christmas Day 2011. You might be today spending time with the family, exchanging Santa’s gifts and wondering why the Elf’s brought you the wrong gift. Or having a Christmas dinner and if you’re an NBA fan, watching the opening day of games. We have so much to be grateful for.
Any time friends or family visit, I take them around Canterbury Cathedral. It is to Anglicans what Rome is to Catholics - the mother church, and seat of its head. But apart from its religious significance it is a great architectural gem with a fascinating history - in many ways the history of England is reflected in its walls in microcosm (Along with St. Martin's Church and St. Augustine's Abbey it is a UNESCO World Heritage Site). After a while I thought why not sign up to volunteer there since I practically live there anyway! I was on the waiting list for over a year before I was accepted on the assistant training course. By then I'd discovered I was pregnant but decided to do it anyway, bump and all, as I wasn't sure when I'd get the opportunity again. It was the most amazing experience - four months of lectures ranging from ecclesiastical history to the monarchs of England, monastic life to stained glass windows, through architecture down the ages and on to stone care of visitors. I loved every minute of it, despite an exam at the end! Now I'm on a two year probationary period after which I can train to be a Cathedral guide if I wish. The fabulous thing is that there are always ongoing lectures plus the Cathedral archives to explore in order to broaden your knowledge, so it is like an ever-expanding study module. I love the whole thing. Once a week I sling The Daughter on my front and stand around with a sash on, attempting to look friendly and approachable, answering any questions visitors might have (she just looks cute, or falls asleep).
Enregistrement: 1965-2009
The orders, his ninth and tenth since taking office in January, will force the state’s 4,000 daycare providers to add over $1 million in dues to union coffers, and remove the right to secret ballot election for these workers by instituting a card check process.
Apparently a millimeter wave scanner detected an “anomaly” in the area of his knee, according to Senator Paul, and TSA agents then said he’d have to undergo a full-body pat-down. Paul said he wouldn’t submit to such a search and offered to show agents his knee, instead. They said that wouldn’t suffice. There are rules in place (however excessive we might find them) to protect all passengers, even senators. as aTSA representative observed:
‘Tough shit for you guys, because I’m not tired of talking about it. I’ve known rich people, and why not, since I’m one of them? The majority would rather douse their dicks with lighter fluid, strike a match, and dance around singing “Disco Inferno” than pay one more cent in taxes to Uncle Sugar’.
Whatever else we might say about this story we can say this: The man in the story, the paralyzed man, the man who never says a word, the man lowered through a hole in the roof, had all sorts of obstacles in his path to grace. Here’s what Luke tells us: “One day as he was teaching, Pharisees and teachers of the law, who had come from every village of Galilee and from Judea and Jerusalem, were sitting there.” Now, was this a literal statement? If every village in Galilee and Judea and Jerusalem had its own representation of Pharisees and teachers of the law—and there were representations from all of them that day—and they were all sitting there while Jesus taught—well, this was the first obstacle to this man experiencing God’s grace.
Whenever using the cilantro, remove any stems that are browning or going bad.
There are people out there that have children and appear to still be partially sane. What's their secret?
I entered into the following challenges:
We say it every year...but WOW! This year really did fly by! So much has happened. So much has changed. Life is crazy and fun and busy beyond what I ever imagined.
Another beautiful image. As I said in the past, I think lately back-lit images are overrated and overused, but nevertheless, if you can include some in your session definitely go for it. Don’t forget to use spot metering and a reflector if there is not enough light on your subject compensating from the other side.
1. This is the genius of this recipe. It may be a bit time consuming with the chopping but then all you do is mix everything together! If you can wait about 30 minutes before digging in the flavors will get even better, but if you can’t it will still taste really good.
delivering groceries to la maison Parisian
This isn’t the greatest script on the face of the earth. A lot of it should be in functions. One of the things I’ve done is activated PHP function and parameter support inside the XSLT, so in the future, I’ll be able to pass parameters in through a query string, set variables with the params, and use PHP functions inside the XSLT when I need to.
With no one to talk to.
Natural hair wins over perm
Dr. King understood the deep connection between love and justice:
and is it sick that I went out to the trash in the hall to check the bag she tossed and it seemed to have small vomit type chunks. Didn't want to get to into it though. Yuck! (But I mean REALLY? She didn't even tie up the bag. Dumb move.)
‘Waltz King’ offers only its original English track, but thankfully is subtitled, a nice change from other earlier Generation titles. Unfortunately the film is not closed captioned, and the yellow captions have a habit of blending in with the print’s yellow-red tone.
While Kṛṣṇa was away in Hastinapura his wives instinctively sat down and entered a meditative trance, withdrawing their consciousness from the ordinary plane of existence. In this yogic trance they continued to enjoy Kṛṣṇa’s company without interruption. Now that he returned they immediately gave up this meditation and embraced him on the tangible plane.
Just a moment ago--yet again--I heard another Jesus-sighting story. Our local radio station's morning show (that is on against my will since I share an office with two other people) dropped the story in that ever-so-slightly facetious tone only trained media personnel can achieve between another joke about wardrobe malfunction and the traffic report. It will never cease to annoy me how mainstream media will ignore stories of real apparitions and the grave messages that always come with them and then latch onto ridiculous claims of images of Our Lord or Our Lady appearing on things like grilled cheese sandwiches, cloud formations, superstore receipts, pet fur, on building walls...
It's a half-heartedly warm, decidedly muggy Saturday in Brooklyn. The streets would be far more abuzz were it not for the shooting this past Wednesday, the tension from which is still palpable.
Over yonder, where the shopping centre car park is now, there was a field of Friesian cows, gently a-mooing and chewing their cuds. Behind would be Barton Power Station, a miniature edition of Battersea. I miss that almost as much as the annual air show, three days of random aerospace history to-ing and fro-ing to the aerodrome for the Sunday event. Gypsy moths and a Vulcan bomber were a given. Sometimes there'd be the thrill of a Hurricane or Lockheed Lightning and, just that once, a Spitfire and a Lancaster. Sunday tea time would see everyone standing in their front gardens to watch the Red Arrows and then it was officially over.
People with angina are at risk of having a heart attack. Stable angina occurs during exertion, can be quickly relieved by resting or taking nitroglycerine, and lasts from three to 20 minutes.
Caroline: This is not like me, the only thing I’ve ever lost is my virginity.
Show Schedule: Sun 1-5pm; M-Th 9-9 F & Sat 10 - 6
She was 19 and living in Budapest when she applied for a summer job in Canada that would solve her money problems.
John Murray
A couple weeks ago I was shopping for shoes to wear for an event that didn't involve the harp. So I could get shoes without straps, right? Wrong. I tried on every single pair of chunky-heeled pumps in Minneapolis. And not one single pair would stay on my feet when I walked. No amount of doctoring helped, either - ball of foot pads, heel grips, total inserts, all three - my heels slipped right out. As I said, I have small feet and I was trying on size 6 shoes (the smallest size available) - but what's UP? Have my feet shrunk? Have shoes sizes gone up slightly?
And then the actual race, of course.
Papermania Make a wish sentiment. TH Scattered straw.
02. I Saw It Cummin' (Zone Mix)
lovely large flower is.
So we asked her "how much is it?" and she replied like most 9 yr olds would, "I don't know?"
since we're both randomly off work on a Tuesday
Other - embossing tool, glue dots
By Taryn “The Coop” Cooper
I am not feeling terribly wordy today as I have
*The Intern is finally out of earshot.*
So the next time you stop by the San Diego – Chinese Historical Museum check out the lovely Chinese Minority Costume and Jewelry Exhibit.
His thin legs a good whip-lash,
Me: What do you think Daddy is doing right now?
Out of balance
Readers Digest: Shortly after I moved in the Landlord informed me she would be selling the house. Shortly after that she stopped communicating with me all together. She has not responded to numerous texts, phone calls, or emails since mid October. Including texts and phone calls informing her my toilet had completely busted. I have asked her to be truthful with me about her intentions and she ignores me. One time I came home at lunch early and she happened to be at the house working. She literally hid from me, and when I found her she faked a phone call, so I said fuck it and left. I needed to get back to work.
Delwin Sharp (1884-1969), son of Milo and Lilly Sharp.
Frampton’s final and most ambitious project was The Magellan Cycle, which he intended to encompass all of human experience in a projected thirty-six hour film cycle. He died before he could complete the project, but its unfinished nature is of a piece with an aesthetic that appreciates failure more than success. Frampton celebrated the failures not only of conventional narrative but of the cinematic medium itself, incorporating emulsion scratches, camera hiss and other flaws inherent to filmmaking. But this does not make his work seem like failed art. Rather, it inspires the viewer to work out their own solutions to the cinematic equations Frampton proposes.
She fucked me there on the carpet, and I freed my hands to grasp her hips so I could pull them to me each time I pushed my hips up to meet her. We fucked and came, and then when she collapsed against me she was panting and laughing and kissing me.
The hikers on the trail give a good perspective of how big this falls is. If memory serves, it is 198 feet.
OG: 1.066
In a letter to Cassandra Austen dated 18th December 1798, immediately after Jane Austen's 23rd birthday, she made passing reference to her birthday.
Why don't you sign up to our Newsletter........lots of insider information and even the odd offer.
“And Friday?” Another function.
To enter I just let me know either by commenting here on the blog, or on my Facebook page, what you think the next theme in my kids party range should be. Two winners will each receive a $20 voucher for any of my products.
With the ending of my fall semester, so end the weekly publication of Shore Up the Shore. I have had a wonderful experience getting to learn so much more about my own surroundings.
Fashion. in colour.
I'm in need of some Sympathy cards for on the card rack so I went in the direction of something floral and I really like it!
~ Bartending is really peopletending.
6:30 - Get myself and Sir ready
Folks have finally caught sight of the slaughter house and realized they’ve been following a Judas goat.
So, with A more than ever off doing her own thing, its made me think about all the new freedom I now have. What could I get up to? Climb more mountains...write a novel...get a boyfriend...learn to surf...
A heartfelt thank you to Megan and Jesse for sharing your big day with us and best wishes for a fabulous future together! And a special thanks to photographer Melanie Mauer for sending over these beautiful photos! Cheers!
failing easily every day
if you could only see / the beast you’ve made of me / i’ve held it in but now it seems you’ve set it running free / screaming in the dark / i howl when we’re apart / drag my teeth across your chest to taste your beating heart
That brings me to another young man with tremendous upside potential – Ryan Bailey. The 22 year old Bailey is a year older than Bolt was entering the Olympic year of ’08 but has bests of 9.88/20.10 in spite of missing the 2011 season to injury. Bailey has two things going for him as he enters the Olympic season however. One is that he brings the tall sprint frame that Bolt has made famous – 6’ 4” tall and extremely coordinated. As a matter of fact looking at football stars such as Calvin “Megatron” Johnson (6’ 5”), Brandon Marshall (6’ 4”), Antonio Gates (6’4”), and Kellen Winslow (6’ 4”) tall is the new athletic! The second thing he has going for him is his new choice in coaches – sprint guru John Smith. As fast as Bailey has been to date, his start has been horrible and he has had difficulty staying healthy. Smith teaches the most efficient start technique in sprinting history, the Drive Phase, and has shown throughout his history to be able to keep his athletes healthy and fit – his latest being Daegu sprint and hurdle champions Carmelita Jeter and Jason Richardson. And did I mention he coached multiple World and Olympic champion Maurice Greene? Bailey should benefit greatly from Smith’s tutelage.
And to top it off the alarm that was supposed to go off, the one that would have had she been hooked up right in bed and not the chair was so quiet because this new chair suggestion (the cheaper one) is equipped with a low alarm, which the caregiver thought was the same as the alarm on the bed used to notify them that a battery is low. I guess it's so they don't have to hear people dying and feel the guilt they did nothing to stop it.
I sent the mom an email a while back and told her she was one of the meanest people I'd ever met. A mutual acquaintance had suggested it was a shame that I said that, but it is truly how I felt. Her actions are ones of cruelty, stemming from pain, I get that, but does being in pain yourself ever excuse cruelty towards others? I guess, for me, I can't look at my actions and see that I'm hurting people and casually go about it anyway. That is the heart of self righteousness and a person can't truly heal from any kind of pain while being that way and behaving in ways that hurt others, especially if their actions are intentional. That doesn't even begin to dig into what this mother is doing to her very own daughter, that was just about her daughter's best friend. What she's doing to her own daughter is much much worse and could potentially destroy any chance she has of ever having a relationship with her. It's tragic that the one person this woman cares about, her whole world, is her daughter, yet she's driving a big wedge in between them, so much so, that her daughter is looking to manipulate her instead of getting what she wants by being honest and forthright.
I love that kid. And honestly, it wouldn't surprise me if he did. We pray every day that God will make our kids world changers. If he chooses to use Aaron to find a cure for cancer, SO.BE.IT. I love his heart....
“For damaging government property.”
By the time Crosby embarked upon a solo career in 1931 he had shed the tenor range. He understood that the microphone favored baritones. Crosby assimilated many different styles, ranging from classical to jazz, and fused them into a unique sound, which accounted for his meteoric rise.
Every chocolate too hard to found
I know I should write a blog post but really I can't find the words these past few weeks. Every time I sit down to write the things I think I will write about the word just aren't coming together.
1. There's a time and a place for everything, including writing. I like tables that are supposed to be for eating—cafeteria tables, my dining room table, diner booth tables—either early in the morning or early in the evening.
Yet, by the end of the evening, I was a puddle of emotions. I had done my Esther study. O, my friends, this study is so amazing and I will share more from what I’m learning there…I promise but as I lay in bed, tears streaming down my cheeks from all the emotions of the last few days…I found a sermon from Kay Arthur called Hush, be Still…and just listened and it was as if Jesus was placing His loving Hand on my brow and quieting my sorrowed heart.
4. Why do we consider the moon and stars so beautiful?
Next, list what you had hoped for, or expected from this person or situation. This will translate into your loss. Then write down what you will need to trust God for as a result of this unmet expectation. Your list should look something like this:
Be of sober spirit, be on the alert. Your adversary, the devil, prowls around like a roaring lion, seeking someone to devour. I Peter 5:8
#14 1978 Kenny Schmidt EP Austin 880 Yards 1:52.0
Sissy has been shedding an unbelievable amount of fur this summer. I guess 70+ days of triple digits will take a toll. She got a thorough combing with the Furrminator this afternoon. Now there is a pile of hair on the bedroom floor I need to go vacuum up. Her hair is so weightless and downy-soft it just seems to drift in the air.
However, words can’t really show you what it is like. Perhaps you should wander in and see for yourself (like I wandered into that gathering). It might just be the very thing that you have been looking for all your life.
All was lost
ever interceding for Your people and Your church. In Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
10 Honorary Mentions: $1000
First name drawn will get the ARC of The Guardians of Elijah's Fire. WICKED!
In other words, the ESDC gave Forest City Ratner the opportunity to sell naming rights. The ESDC could have kept some or all of that.
Monday, Monday, the beginning of the week for most. Here we go again…
I update this post periodically. If you have a link that you think should be on the list or an idea to improve this page, let me know.
The fact that a person can also buy or sell by using the name of the beast or the number of the beast shows that people do not obtain the Mark of the Beast so that they buy or sell. The Mark of the Beast’s main purpose is to serve as a way for people to prove that their allegiances are with Antichrist. In other words, accepting the Mark of the Beast means that you have declared yourself a follower of the Antichrist and thereby an opponent of God.
In chapter 21, a sacrifice is defined for an unsolved murder, if someone is found dead and no one can be charged with it. There was allowance to take a female captive as a wife, if so desired. There was no tolerance for rebellious and stubborn sons. They were taken outside the camp and stoned to death.
Ryan wowed our guests with his achievement of being the first ever 1 year old to read. Its true. He sits there and it looks like he’s really reading. Sometimes he even reads aloud. According to his teachers, he does this at school and the other kids gather around to listen. What can I say….my son is a genius.
But the technique itself cannot. Other people can teach the technique, other people can blog about it, other people can write books on it. They have only done something wrong if they've literally copied and pasted your exact tutorial - words, photos, etc - into their blog, book, handout, etc.
“There are literally thousands of conservation and research projects waiting to happen and as many scientists wanting to get out to sea,” said Sean Dooley, co-founder of OPA. “The logistics for them to do so usually involves months of grant applications, scheduling and politicking. OPA offer them a path that cuts through all of that, and the yacht’s owner, family and guests end up having access to world-class projects and people as a result.”
I have also been learning new words:
Yet, as attested by his final vote tally, Roh Tae-Woo administration was a lame duck from the start. In order to break through the weakness, Roh engineered a game-changer: Roh's Democratic Justice Party would merge with two opposition parties, one of which was Unification Democratic Party led by Kim Young-Sam. The result of this "Three Party Merger" was Democratic Freedom Party, which is the precursor to the current-day New Frontier Party. In 1992, on the back of the merged parties, Kim Young-Sam became the president.
Together by the birth of a grandchild, cousin, niece,
1. The Story Of The Blues
There is a ridiculously long sequence in which Loveless captures all three, separates Escobar from the with the promise of creating a device to rape her, and placing super powered magnetic callars around Jim and Gordon’s necks which attracts flying saw blades. The two defy all laws of physics and good humor in extricating themselves from their predicament. Additional scenes were filmed to be placed here, which is why the sequence runs way too long, because test audiences could not decide if the movie was a comedy. The additional scenes do not add any additional laughs.
Plymouth, a perennial gold medal gin, takes extreme pride in its secret two-centuries-old recipe and its iconic Black Friars Distillery it has been using since the 1700s. But, now and then some things do change.
Min 16: “I care very much what other people think.”
But not just speak,
As with her other play Agbaje added the right amount of humour and seriousness.
"It is alleged that the police constable and his crew were busy searching three suspected vehicles next to Cleveland train station.
Now before you get concerned that we were being left alone, let me explain. Or should I perhaps first say that we were never left alone. In fact, I have not a single memory of ever being left with a babysitter. We went where our parents went, and they didn’t go to places where there children couldn’t go. Our parents took their role very seriously, almost to the extreme. I remember distinctly leaving the drive-in theatre during the showing of the Don Knott’s classic Love God, because of a scene which implied that he (Don Knotts) and the lead female star had slept together. Truth! As an adult, I have gone to the same great lengths to screen movies I recommend to them. I find it almost humorous that my mother’s favorite movie is Pretty Woman. But that’s another story.
A second problem is the nature of justice. Despite all of the strengths in his model, it does seem however there is an unhealthy notion of justice underlying much of it. Henry rightly states based on Romans 13 government has a legitimate role to dispense justice. However on many points he refuses to compensate for the fact that that justice is never perfect, and often working directly in opposition to perfection (i.e. utilizing repression and brutality). Though government does reflect God’s justice, some doing so better than others, it is the duty of Christians to point people towards the coming, final kingdom which is the true standard of justice and from which all authority flows.
I’m rarely intimidated by interview subjects but I confess to feeling a little bit nervous meeting her. She was immaculately dressed and made-up, like she’d spent hours preparing for my arrival, and appeared nearly unchanged from her appearance in 1960s movies and TV shows, just a little older. I was wearing a jacket and tie and felt shamefully underdressed.
Which means I've been put in charge of dinner and dry cleaning.
Lila is all of 8 weeks old in this! I can't believe how tiny she is! A fearless little ball of fluff.
He stepped out of the car and drew a deep breath. He noticed a lone tree across the field next to the hospital.
We share a couple of entrees to start, our eyes widening with delight at the sight of the crisp chicken, strips of juicy chicken coated in a crisp layer of puffed grains that adhere exceedingly well to the accompanying tarragon aioli.
The classical findings are of a fever which is followed after a few days with small blister lesions on the palms of the hands and soles of the feet. They can also occur in other areas, but hands and feet are most common. The mouth is affected too with these blister lesions, and when they burst the raw surface produces a shallow ulcer that is very painful but heals well without any long term consequence.
The Annaberg Sugar Mill Plantation Ruins comprise the Annaberg Historic District in the Virgin Islands National Park. Sugar plantations were abundant in this region throughout the 19th century. Though originally grown in India, Columbus brought sugar to the Caribbean, where it thrived. You’ve heard “Cotton was King” in reference to the US South. Well, here “Sugar was King.” In 1758, a Dutch immigrant, Salomon Zeeger, purchased the property and named it Annaberg in honor of his wife Anna. Though its namesake, the Zeegers did not construct the mill, which dates to ca. 1800. An Irish merchant,James Murphy, purchased many adjacent properties, including Annaberg, to create his sugar estate. Sugar product continued on the plantation long after his death in 1808.
Sharia did not have long to wait. Soon enough the ringing tread of her adversaries assaulted her ears, and a few seconds later the three warriors burst into the room with wild staring eyes. Sharia held her breath and pressed up against the leg of the statue. The leader motioned one warrior to go left while the other circled around the right, checking doorways as they went. He then raised the small oil lamp he carried, and strode towards the statue, looking up at its massive frame and trying to decipher its enigmatic expression. Just then a warrior shouted and held up the sandal clasp.
A question raised by this prestigious overseas education, worth a total of almost $600,000 at today’s prices, is how it was paid for. Friends said that they didn’t know, though one suggested that Mr. Bo’s mother paid with the earnings of her legal career. Her law firm declined to comment.
Xhaferri was in Pristina on Thursday to meet with Kosovo’s Prime Minister Hashim Thaci, and the Foreign Minister Enver Hoxhaj.
Stockholm has a much more extensive subway/rail system than Toronto (surprise, surprise). Four lines spider out from the main train terminal on Östermalm. Surface routes are covered mainly by buses and the odd streetcar/trolley services some spots. It also utilizes a ferry system since it contends with water on all sides. Not for nothing is Stockholm referred to as the Venice of the north.
Email Relay is one of the more annoying features of email servers. However, there are times it can be pretty useful. It’s annoying because Spammers love to exploit it, and it’s useful because it can allow you to centralize a lot of email services.
Two years ago, I’d never even have considered having to make a choice like this. Back then, I was a baby. I was in primary school, I had lots of friends, and I thought that my stepsister could solve any problem ever. I really want to give her one more chance to solve this one.
22. The surface area of a human lung is equal to a tennis court.
There is only one way I can get to work without becoming a grumpy employee these days, and I'm the first to admit it just might be a little ridiculous. I have a four-song playlist that I put on repeat, and every single one of those four songs is of the Christmas variety. Hey, I'm entitled to it: December 25th is less than three weeks away, after all.
7And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
It could be an unhealthy work place….
will stop her
Yesterday was kinda different.
A love apparition quite out of sight
There always seems to be an echo around when she makes a sound. But Pat just wanted Flappy to leave and shut her yap. Yet she continued to flap.
They didn’t dissapoint! Approaching the Perhentian Kecil (or small island) by speedboat from the mainland (after no sleep on a ahem ‘sleeper bus’ which dumped us in the dark at the jetty about 2 hours early), it looked like a haven for knackered travellers. A stretch of gorgeous beach and jungles in the background, plus the clearest ocean we have seen on the trip.
We sometimes get so involved in our “have to” and “can’t do” on our days filled with tight schedules, and demands that we forget that what we really have in our pocket is “today.”
4. I wanted to blog yesterday, but I was honestly feeling so crappy I could barely move, so I spent most of the day in my jammies and warm fuzzy robe drinking tea and fantasizing about ways of getting back at my little brother for getting me sick lol.
THE INDICATORS:
Yeah, I'm a little insane about organizing stuff like that. The more things in my life that I can't control, the more obsessed I get about organizing my house.
Siva asked Gautama to ask him for a boon. Gautama then looked at the beautiful form of Siva and praised him once more. He joined his hands together in an Anjali (how you do a Namaste today), and he asked Siva to remove his sin. Siva was delighted to listen to Gauthama. He laughed and said, “You are no sinner, even sinners will become pure if they take one look at you. You have been betrayed by the other rishis. Even looking upon such people is a sin.” Gautama was so surprised to hear this. Then he bowed to Siva again and said,” No, they did me good, because now I have a darshan of you”. Siva was pleased again and gently said, “Make a wish!”.
All Natural Herbs
Instantaneously I heard these words: “Lori, you already know how to fish. You just have to cast your line.”
So at the end of the day, we have a remote control crap sex toy and are £100 worse off…..bugger.
Day before yesterday I mumbled something during my Reiki session at night. I did not know about it till my Reiki master told me the next day. Since some time night have been blotting paper for many sorrows and a bed for illicit desires, hopes, dreams and dark longings .
15-18 Nov 2011: TabExpo meeting in Prague is addressed by industry consultant John Luik, on “When packages can’t speak” (“In the plain packaging session, experts from inside and outside the tobacco industry will examine the threat of plain packaging, its implications. We have also asked two brand consultants to examine the options for branding if generic packaging becomes a reality.”
And I’m lucky enough to find myself in a wonderful position in 2012, my writing is getting traction. And now I discover even minor success brings a whole new level of terror with it. And suddenly the fear of succeeding at something that for so long I felt lost doing is a lot like drowning. And soaring. Which is of course extremely frustrating, but also exceptionally rewarding — how will you ever appreciate anything unless you know the opposite?
Goal: Create the actual dialogue that will appear in the comic.
44=Rhode Island
It usually takes about a week to see the the new sprouts pop up.
Eliezer Jimenez, 38, New York, N.Y.
I visited India last week! I made chicken tandori! And it turned out pretty good! I couldn't put cardamon in it because it was $12 for a little bottle, but you know what? I may spring for it someday (or not)! I love Indian spices!
Almost 10,000 years after the invention of agriculture, humans discovered fossil fuels. This, of course, vastly increased their ability to extract wealth from the land and the seas. And, it allowed for increasingly specialization which led to technical breakthroughs that would have seemed akin to magic only a few generations ago.
3 Tbsp of pickling salt.
A blue slap watch
In our second podcast on the notorious Five Points neighborhood, we see how the district changed with the influx of new immigrants and the valiant attempts to reform the seedier elements. With the new Italian and Chinese residents, the culture changed drastically, critical shifts that are still reflected in the neighborhoods of Chinatown and Little Italy today.
In fact, it used every wind storm, every blizzard, every shaking, every vibration to wiggle its roots deeper and deeper into the black icky mud.
Her death was so final, there were no second chances or do-overs; it was a wakeup call and I was cut to the quick by it.
Penny and Bill George
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
exile and trauma.
5 Rise Of The Butterfly (We Are Not The Disco) (5:56)
More Norah Jones on this Blog
So, that’s what I’ve been up to.
Turns out, the office manager had gone to the warehouse (a walk across a street) and had announced that I “needed to get laid”. They were there, waiting to see if I would ask one of them home. Seriously. Nope. Not a joke. I was livid.
- Excerpt from unpublished story (untitled)
I hope these elephants had great time as much as we did.
Although it was mixed around the rest of my life schedule, I had my camera with me so had time to take a few random pictures while I roamed. Here's a shot from the top of a downtown building overlooking the Johnson Street Bridge.
I am surprised by Utah’s forgetful play. Forgetting that size can matter and they have a nice ingredient-mix of strength and finesse; back to and facing. When they are aggressive and fighting for position and spacing, good things can come. Hayward has a nice knack for heading hard to the paint, but goes quiet when his shot doesn’t fall. Stick to the plan. This parallel is easier-said-than-done. San Antonio is feeling it, they’re hot, the coach is coming off an expert year and his team is clicking. All cylinders: Parker, Duncan, Ginobili, even Diaw and the young Leonard are leading the way. They properly space and Parker hits the holes. A terrific wash and clean. Shining.
Bigger waves and retro smoothness is edging out the flat-ironed look. Hair is also geometric on the perimeter and heavily layered in the middle to produce more body in addition to texture and adaptability. Extremely loose perms carry the textured style nicely. Color is basically a must for spring due to all the brilliant colors in our outfits. Color is more vibrant and more tone on tone versus the contrasty style of highlights. Imagine rich brown hair with a hint of light brown hair in gently placed foils. An added look that is really playful and stylish is Crayola-bright panels of hair (such as clip-ins or bonded extensions) inserted into the underneath hair where they casually show and fade away with your movements. The buzzword in hair color circles is small amounts of “Rose/Gold”, which is a coppery red gold accent.
Her actual words which caused the controversy were “Israel is not going to be there forever on its present performance”. She has confirmed to us that her intention was to imply that Israel’s wilful failure to uphold and respect the human rights of Palestinian Muslims and Christians is behaviour which is likely to lead to its self-destruction. This failure by Israel applies both with regard to its own Arab citizens (whom it discriminates against) and to the people of the Occupied Palestinian Territory (who have endured Israeli occupation for nearly 45 years). We consider that her words, when interpreted in this context, were entirely reasonable.
I stop for some Java and head the two blocks west to the art show and my booth space. It's right on the corner of East Fourth and Washington streets. The neighborhood has obviously been going through improvements over a number of years and most of the storefronts have operating businesses in them. Even at 6:30AM there are other people other than us artists walking around. Everyone is amazingly friendly and happy - I wonder what they put into the water around here?
I made this recipe several times while we were having our summer vacations with my in-laws and he liked these schnitzels very much.
Unfortunately, the images showed more than that. They showed that she has bilateral hip subluxation. I wasn't prepared for that since her therapist hasn't noticed it, and when I asked our neuro a while back if we needed to see an orthopedic Dr., he said not yet. I know with severe cerebral palsy, it is inevitable and she will at some point need hip surgery, but just not now. I'm talking with our Neurologist in the spacticity clinic to make sure he sees the latest x-ray and still feels the same way. I'm not ready to deal with bone and joint issues yet. Obviously, the Urologist was obligated to mention an orthopedic referral...but I'm not scheduling it until someone else tells me too!
HD-- cd wave--nero smoothing-- flac(8)
“Oh! Careful! Don’t give me too big a hug, I will feel like the gifts that I actually bought for you with actual money that I earned weren't expensive enough!”
"I won't Dave, you got a drink?"
Another problem is MAS’ method of measuring core inflation: It excludes housing and private transport. Since these are are a major cause of inflation, the method results in optimistic numbers and homeless Singaporeans. It’s like getting lung cancer, but having the doctor congratulate you because hey, apart from your lungs, you’re fine.
* Strawberry shortcake for dessert tonight. I loved using this particular recipe
After Barley embarks on his mission, Ned and Brock search his Hampstead flat for clues of his ties to Goethe/Katya. They find a notebook with a Stevie Smith quote:
We can’t reveal what we’ve hidden by cracking open the narrative shell and prying out the nut of truth. Every interpretation will only be another mask; a story about the story is no less a lie. Yet we are not completely without resources. (To echo Longinus … between story and story, between story and its translations--there flashes forth the lightning bolt of the sublime. An interpretation does not replace, it dis-places, and the friction of displacement is generative, here as on the level of metaphor. Between the visible two there emerges an invisible third, discernible not in it itself, but in its effect—in the difference it makes.
Without a need for any kind of drugs. Well, coffee and wine of course, but they are more in the 'necessity for ultimate survival of the human race' category anyway.
A Day Made of Glass (by Corning):
One thing for certain, they absolutely don't make characters like Jimmy Durante anymore! In this scene he tries to chisel Candy (The Phantom Tollbooth) Candido as Molineri the Florist, out of 60 cents, by bidding $1.00 on this little disaster of a X-Mas tree, when he only has 40 cents, and tells him he'll pay him the rest later!
Everyone who’s ever taken a shower has an idea. It’s the person who gets out of the shower, dries off and does something about it who makes a difference.
College football is indeed moving to a four-team playoff after the 2013 season. Other than that, not much new to report. Hopefully they’ll have most of the details hammered out by the end of June. BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock on the Dan Patrick Show today, said they were seriously debating on whether the semi-finals/first round would be played on campus or at neutral sites. I understand home games for the no. 1 and no. 2 seeds would be a way to reward them for regular season success, but I hope to see neutral site games rotating at the sites of current BCS bowl games (and still think they should replace the Fiesta with the Cotton).
Power Level: 125-point characters, with no supernatural or cinematic abilities, TL3, up to -70 points in disadvantages and 5 quirks.
When you are younger, you think old people move slower because it is in their nature. As you get older, you realise it is often because of pain or the anticipation of pain.
1 metal
I had a request from a sweet reader, Brooke, to make a sombrero hundreds chart for Cinco de Mayo and I tried really hard to make one work, but it kept looking like a weird, brightly colored cowboy hat. So, I found a picture of maracas online and thought maybe they would work instead. What do you think? Is it too over the top and cheesy?
“Have you started on it?” she asked.
How do you keep parents informed on their child's progress? Are you answering with -- progress reports, report cards and parent conferences??
At which point comes one of the problems of being an introspective person: reflecting on the last few months is probably going to require a series of blog posts. But I am okay with that. It gives me a chance to dig deep and really think about what I’ve learned this semester.
Today’s TNT (This-N-That) post from Club Creative Studio is about technique in your creative process. I often find myself playing “the waiting game”. You know what this means to an individual on a daily basis. We wait in line, we wait for the mail to come, we wait in traffic, we wait for the dryer to signal the clothes are dry. We wait for the text response, we wait for something to download, we WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
Jools Holland is the new face of The Brennan JB7, the "revolutionary CD player with a hard disk that stores up to 5,000 CDs" or "computer" as the technology-minded amongst us might say.
Will removing legislation make things safer?
Roshon Fegan & Chelsie Hightower – Rumba
Twenty beers representing 22 breweries will be tapped for the very first time anywhere in the land. Most are first-time and one-off brews while others are the first time a brewery’s new seasonal will get an airing. Collaborative brews, spiced and fruited and barrel-aged and ramped-up to the max, these beers will thrill and amaze. The list of brewers who were able to contribute a brew is matched only by the ‘waiting list’ of brewers who didn’t get a gig this time around.
It’s the end of the party
Ron: Besides my wife and horses, I love the movies. I go to probably 60 or 70 of them every year plus watching TCM and IFC on TV plus renting videos. (Just last night I saw “Near Dark” again, a terrific vampire movie set in the Southwest. Cowboy vampires in a van. Who wouldn’t like that?) I love to sit in a theatre with thirty or three hundred strangers. And when I’m working on something of my own, little bits of the film fly off the screen and stick to me and want to be used in the new book. A word or turn of phrase. Maybe the furniture in a living room. Maybe just a barrette in some girl’s hair. I almost never go to a movie and come out empty-handed.
The burger was created solely to break the world record and to act as a publicity stunt however in order to meet the requirements laid down by Guinnes this monstrosity has to be on the menu at the cafe for at least a year.
- choose a gift for the poor from the wishing tree today
EDUCATE AND INFORM THE MASS OF THE PEOPLE. ENABLE THEM TO SEE THAT IT IS THEIR INTEREST TO PRESERVE PEACE AND ORDER, AND THEY WILL PRESERVE THEM. ENLIGHTEN THE PEOPLE GENERALLY, AND TYRANNY AND OPPRESSION OF THE BODY AND MIND WILL VANISH LIKE EVIL SPIRITS AT THE DAWN OF DAY.
First prize is a signed copy of GILT, all wrapped up in a limited edition GILT canvas tote (plus an ARC!):
Thanks for visiting my blog and reading this post. If you have any questions, please drop in a comment on this post. Cheers!
Level 2: Ignores 8% of monster’s DEF.
“But when you look at the broad outlines of what we did, had it not been for the steps we took our economy would be profoundly weaker than we are right now.”
in times of trouble you will
The card fronts are 7.5cm square, so they're very quick to do & don't need a lot of supplies to look cute. All the watercoloured images are stamped on watercolour paper & decorated with punched or die cut shapes & some DSP (more Patterns & Everyday Enchantment SAB paper) or card.
Its really a special and tough time in his life right know. Many choises to make.
On the other hand, Rick Perry came from genuine hardscrabble roots. Perry wasn’t a bookworm; he became an Eagle Scout instead of the teacher’s pet. But Perry’s no slouch in the brains department. One does not get certified to fly big jets for the U.S. Air Force without some heavy-duty brain power. All in all, Perry seems to have opted for learning the things that apply to real life, while perhaps shunning those things preferred by the eggheads in academia.
Available from Cult Collectibles, who also do a Jill from The Beyond with alternate normal and shot heads, and various others for Rudy Ray Moore's Dolemite and the original Black Devil Doll.
The parallels between what was going on in the past and what is going on now was somewhat astonishing. I really admired Glenna's work in the past and present, but sometimes I found Glenna's personality a bit too tempestuous for my liking. I couldn't really decide what I thought of Gordon. Together though, I think they were a very interesting pair. I found myself wanting desperately to know what happened in the past and what will happen in the future. Luckily I got answers along with a few surprises. I think this is one of those books that can really suck people in, and before they know it they've read a whole book without moving. It holds your attention well and ultimately leaves you feeling good.
Milan Petrović: I’m Slavic pagan.My religion is called Rodna vera, Rodnovery, Ridna Vira, Родноверие (same term in different Slavic languages)
Alright, so the current album is an amalgamation of the past few days. One of those days… you’ve had them I’m sure, when you take a few random snaps but nothing really strikes you enough to make you unload the camera. Plus, your internet is down so you can’t upload anything anyway. Grr.
Until I read this book, I'd had a vague idea that the short story was supposed to be sealed somehow, to contain a description of a significant moment that encapsulates the existence of a character, that provides them with an epiphany that sheds light on everything that has gone before. Few of these stories function in that way and, for me, the ones that are least bubble-like are the most successful. That is to say, the stories, like Pritchett's, where readers arrive at the end but, instead of having the impression that something has finished, have the sensation of having been plunged briefly into the river of these characters' lives and pulled out again, (the lives continuing to flow on, regardless), work best for me.
So, I am honestly asking my readers today (as I have in the past)… What suggestions do you have, for things I can do to encourage more interaction on this blog?
Where that time has gone
The Kindle might, in time, spur a revival of the short story. If you can buy a single song for a dollar, why wouldn’t you spend that much on a handy, compact package of character, incident and linguistic invention?Exactly! Read the full article here.
Comes with baby insert and Machine Washable Cover
Eventually I had to postpone our flights to SA by about 3 days because I really did not want to be weak and sickly while carrying luggage to the airport and sitting on an inter-continental flight for 8 hours. Funnily enough, those last 3 days were the most relaxing of the whole trip! My body thankfully recovered fast enough from the fever and we actually managed to catch a movie with the family and relax a bit towards the end. So although the whole trip now seems like a blur, it was totally worth it. Now that I’m back in my regular routine, daily grind… whatever you want to call it, I can finally relax.
These older cities have suffered housing foreclosures like the rest of the nation, but Pianalto says the high vacancy and abandonment rates are the more troubling issues.
The up-front fee for my services is $400.00; this includes:
Kerry x
(7) Disagreement on the future direction and operation of the business between the surviving share owners and the heirs of the deceased owner is avoided.
I’ve found some quotes of Freddie’s that for me tell you exactly who he was.
BM: “It was all going to happen to me, and I knew it!” I can’t think of anything else here now.
This was the first visit for any of them to Mount Vernon. They were hosted by the local master distiller, Dave Pickerell, former master distiller for Maker's Mark and now an industry consultant who spends eight months of the year flying around the country to work with his 20 or so client distilleries.
As the article mentions, this opens up some interesting possibilities. In effect, stories will now be published on a a stand-alone basis, without the associated content of a magazine, but with the imprimatur of the Atlantic's editorial staff. And the Kindle is a more flexible medium than print; it can just as easily handle short-shorts or stories that would have been too long for magazines, but too short for publication as a book. This development even offers some hope for the novella--arguably the most perfect of fiction forms, but one that has never really been able to find a market in the world of print.
At the gravesite, we finally learn Rae’s full name—Moira for those interested—as the little coffin is lowered into the ground. And that’s that, I guess. So long, little Rae. Shame you didn’t seem to be as adored as your abhorrent older sister. You deserved better.
Even though I run 2 blogs and contribute to another I'm not all that into social media. Sure I have a Facebook and Twitter account, but seldom do I use them. For some unknown reason I accepted an invite from a former co-worker and signed up for Google +. I created some of those circles and even a few fellow baseball card bloggers are in those circles. But again seldom do I use it.
18 Do It Clean
Man: “Are you hard of hearing?”
As a nominator and voter for the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame’s yearly inductions in August at Saratoga, I take my responsibilities seriously.
Laura Spencer ... Caroline
Transformation is slow, mindful change. It is patient moment-to-moment and incremental change. It is humbling and requires compassion as I tend and nourish an internal garden and attempt to bring the quiet of those moments into the busyness of my life. Each time I sit, I need a quiet mind to reveal the hidden wisdom. Until this morning, I considered stewardship as caring for something external, but it begins from within.
I had a stack of plastic sleeves for negatives (remember those days?) that I couldn’t bear to toss in the landfill, so they took up space on my shelf for years. Now they are a valuable quilling strip organizer!
The ANC also feels it is its duty to intervene, in order to protect the media's credibility.
13. Fountains Of Wayne-Sky Full Of Holes (Yep Roc)
"Exactly, Mr. Myers,” Nicole responded.
This came before last weekend but it's been a while since my last post. I also have 28 ounces of black merino and 20 ounces of merino seacel and some merino silk that I won't bore you with the endless pictures. oh on to the endless pictures of what I just bought lol
Direct instruction provides six steps that I feel would work well in Special Education. Direct instruction provides individualized, clear, concise expectations and measureable outcomes.
All my other animals would readily concur
LOA is one of many universal laws that govern our universe. Common other laws you may have heard of include Newton’s Laws of motion, in particular the two laws governing equal and opposite reactions and the law of inertia. The Law of Gravity, also a common law. These laws state and can be demonstrated experimentally time and time again to be true that certain effects occur under the influence of the law in question. For example, no matter how many times you jump in the air, you will always be drawn back down, due to gravity, hence, The Law of Gravity.
I spent 10 years in NATO assignments, so I’m pretty acquainted with the challenges of trying to accommodate seemingly incompatible desires. Hey, if I could somehow deal diplomatically with both sides of the Aegean Sea dispute between Turkey and Greece, I should be able to figure out a farm, right?
Assassins inside the ambulance were there to make
Written by Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett, Jo Swerling & Frank Capra. Directed by Frank Capra.
Many of the Republicans wanted to avoid ever taking a vote on the issue — a simple strategy to carry out. As the majority party in the Senate, they could block any bill from reaching the floor. Skelos’s support for hydrofracking was evident in another Times article when, six days after the gay rights vote, the Cuomo administration announced its plans to end the moratorium:
These earlier attacks did apparently wipe out a great deal of individual craft and munitions that the cabal could have used to fake an alien invasion, according to the insiders I have spoken to.
These are the struggles that bring us to freedom in the days to come. Liu Xiaobo, we believe in you, and in what you stand for. Keep the faith. Peace be with you.
- Norway: crown pork roast with garlic-herb mustard, mashed rutabaga & lingonberry demi with Nogne-0 Special Holiday Ale - 8.5% ABV
As a kid I understood full well what that meant. It meant that I would have to entertain myself as best as I could because my parents were quite busy taking care of Todd (we’ll just say that’s my brother’s name).
“I was once rebuked by a Church of England clergyman for having described King Arthur as Welsh rather than English in one of my books. ‘Who do you think he was fighting against, then?’ I asked.
"This was the way one lost one’s homeland. The first things lost were the sights, then the smells. Touch disappeared, and, of course, taste was quick to follow. Even the sounds of one’s own language, in a foreign place, evoked only nostalgia."The title of the novel also perfectly captures the core message. The Lotus Eaters refers to Homer's Odyssey where people ate lotus fruits on an island and fell into a peaceful sleepy apathy, never to return home. Similarly, once Helen gets a taste of Vietnam, she is unable to leave. Although The Lotus Eaters is not perfect- for example, there is quite a large chunk of time skipped about how exactly Helen and Linh pass the years which felt missing and incomplete- it is so incredibly beautiful that any flaws the reader may find can be easily forgiven. Although The Lotus Eaters may initially appeal to those already interested in the time period, as somebody who had never read about the Vietnam War before I was expertly drawn into the a different country and time. The novel is full of beautiful specifics, but what makes it so wonderful is that the larger themes like looking for love and trying to find where your home is, are completely universal. With The Lotus Eaters Tatjana Soli has written a debut which any reader should be compelled to pick up as they will effortlessly fall into the world Soli has created where the fictional and the real become blurred with complete beauty.
I love that you love me to the moon and back sixtyseventy times,
Allison Giordano is no ambulance chaser. With a briefcase in her hand and three inch pumps on her feet, she’s ready to show the “old school” boys a thing or two about personal injury law.
Which is possibly what a reviewer would say.
he was a player
I commissioned my own homemade cards from the kids yesterday. They used “project paper” — Corban’s term for construction paper — and scissors and pens. Isabelle cut and folded. Corban stuck stickers on and scribbled. I was not allowed to be in the room while they worked but I did hear Isabelle composing her messages out loud. It sounded something like this:
81 A Christmas Carol – Charles Dickens
Maintenance
Who: Billy
There are obviously many differences as well but the above is what is playing out. The US has never had a real estate bubble of this magnitude so it is hard to predict how things will play out. Yet we can analyze the data and hopefully arrive at some macro-economic conclusions. We can look at similar situations and ask why our pattern is looking very similar to the bust in Japan.
"But Senussi was pressing Gaddafi to leave the country," he added.
3. "Nack" or snack
Also, these images are offensive to many and people hurt when they see it. So why is wearing such costumes the idea of fun to you?
Thanks to the palpi on its colostrum, they are able to identify the property of the nutrients and one of these beetles’ main characteristics is being able to live with the ants in peace. While the ants feed these beetles on purpose, the ant-loving beetles benefit the ants with the liquids they secrete from their bodies. The fossil pictured is evidence that these beetles haven’t changed or undergone evolution for 25 million years.
Public institutions must act independently and impartially in upholding the rule of law and democracy. Public institutions such as the Judiciary, Attorney-General, Malaysian Anti-Corruption Agency (MACC), Police and the EC must be reformed to act independently, uphold laws and protect human rights.
Answer: first check out www.thehuntingchannelonline.com resource center and use the mapping tools or google earth if you have it. Look at 3d and arial photos of the areas try to distinguish lanscape features that typically hold deer like, benches, water sheds, saddles and edges within these areas look for funnels, inside corners fence lines and anything you think will alter deer movement. mark those areas then locate thme in the filed and inspect for deer sign like: dropping signs of feeding, rubs and scrapes and deer beds. i areas of high potential useage place trail cameras up if you have them if not set up a stand in th eoff season far off the the areas an observe from a distance with binos. try to pattern what th edeer are doing, what type of deer you are getting etc. then pick a stand site accordingly. good luck
Stella
- They tried to brainwash me/brainwash me. They tried to brainwash me like before, - she went hysterically, attracting people out of their houses with her shrieks of insanity. I assume she were having some sort of LSD flashback to when her elderly child sacrificing witchy foster parents took her ‘over the rainbow’ .
“Why not?”
The Tea Party insurgency will not only cost Democrats dozens of seats in Congress, and likely their majority — it will define the coming GOP presidential nominating process, determine the direction of the GOP for years to come and threaten any remaining plans Obama has for sweeping reforms of education, energy policy or our immigration system. Last March, Republicans joined Democrats in calling on Sen. Jim Bunning (R-Ky.) to end his filibuster against the extension of unemployment benefits paid for by deficit spending, embarrassed he was blocking aid to the jobless. But it took just three months for the grassroots pressure to reach the Capitol — Bunning was a Tea Party hero. By the time the $30 billion expired on June 2, Senate Republicans had united behind a nearly two-month filibuster of the next round of $34 billion in “emergency spending” for unemployment insurance. They were joined by Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.), and some House Democrats warned their own leaders at the time that the days of votes on “emergency spending” would soon have to come to an end. …The Tea Party candidates themselves — like O’Donnell, whom Karl Rove called “nutty,” — matter little. Only a few will actually get elected this fall. Yet the Tea Party has won without them. There are no tea leaves left to read. Democrats have been spooked and Republicans threatened, cajoled or cleansed. The results are already in.
1 5.1 ounce package vanilla instant pudding mix
Interestingly… this from Tweetminster at 6.15 pm this evening:
* misinterpreted the scope of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) and departed from guidance set out in Philips;
Last night I watched some boot camp stuff. Truthfully, I’m not too worried. I’m sure a lot of people less physically fit have been through it before me and passed. What I am worried about it my “shyness” “people pleasing” ways which has greatly decreased since college. Well I don’t want to say I’m worried about them. I’m actually excited at the possibility of losing them completely. ^^
And now on to the other important stuff!
ANYWAYS-- the point of that was to tell you, I had a legitimate excuse for the lack of post last Saturday.
Level 11: MP Cost: 10, Damage: 295%, Attacks up to 5 enemies.
Tea eggs
I can’t escape. It has to be done. I know it will all go well. I have the best surgeon in the country for this complex surgery.
There is a lot of walking and climbing on the battleship. M is 5 but she's pretty short for her age, so she had to get help at times. For example, my husband took them inside a gun turret and had to help her into it and out of it. There are also lots of steep stairs that are almost like ladders, so younger kids may have a hard time getting onto all levels. If they can easily climb up and down the structures at playgrounds, they should be fine.
Please reach out to me to learn your company’s Return on Disability® Rating.
But the arena could surely open once, on a day with less traffic.
DVDs: Steven Soderbergh's Haywire seems to have gotten a lot of flack online, usually about his casting of a non-actor, mixed martial arts star Gina Carano, in the lead role. I have no trouble with it, personally. Soderbergh has been casting a lot of non-actors lately, to basically play versions of themselves. Carano doesn't emote much, but neither is she terrible. She's pretty hot in this and the martial arts are outstanding, with every performer pretty much doing their own frenzied fighting. In fact, this spy thriller has many of the sensibilities of Hong Kong cinema, which you know I appreciate. Action heroes chosen for their physical abilities and brute charisma, not their acting chops; a lyrical use of music, filters and editing; and character revealed through action and plot. I'm also a fan of spy thrillers that show off actual spycraft, and Haywire feels legit in that sense as well. Haywire is a slick, structurally interesting action movie that I hope leads to more for Carano. The DVD features interviews with the entire cast, a longer feature on Carano herself - from MMA to film star - and all the web-based promos that essentially give away most of the twists (maybe it's no wonder the film was reviled by some - they got spoiled!).
And then the thought that was even more scary that my computer crashing: If my computer dies, can I not buy a new one? Does replacing a computer really count as a new thing (well, I know it does, but I didn't want to admit it).
“Nobody will be in any doubt that change is necessary for our country.
I loved playing the contemporary roles like powerful warriors in Ajkun Ballet Theatre contemporary performances like Spartacus.
On 'Innocence,' you sing about embracing and even enjoying fear. What is it that you fear?
In the past, the term "partner" was one I used only because I hated referring to a significant other as "boyfriend." Saying "partner" sounded less sophomoric, more serious and committed. And sometimes it kind of confused people who were used to hearing the word only to describe gay and lesbian couples. I sort of liked that. It felt like I was being ultra-politically correct by using it.
to bring even more fun to our weekly challenges so
Leaving people like Gary with a professional stalemate to try to adequately and efficiently treat his patients when they want to be treated. It would be unjustifiable to agree that a completely health based solution is the answer to the decriminalising of drugs. Until NHS professionals can discuss treatment with government officials dealing with drug issues, as well as getting the problems higher up the agenda of governments.
Lane had asked if he could make some muffins for dinner so I told him yes. We sat down and opened up the cookbook and decided he needed to double the recipe.So I had him convert the measurements as he says,
I made it, prepared to hate this green speckled goo, I even had my face ready for the nastyness before my first sip.
Who among us has said that?
* I always assumed it stopped due to my wings being clipped by stress and practical matters. But now I’m forced to consider that perhaps I stifled my imagination my self by dulling my mind and not giving it room to stretch.
The sitting room looks fabulous with all these paintings and virtually no furniture or clutter. We go in there and enjoy the display.
To extend more fully - films may contain politics subject to interpretation. For instance, we can state without controversy that The Birth of a Nation is a racist film. But these are not necessarily the first nor final word on the politics of those films; in any event they are never, ever the only word. This is why we can have something like DJ Spooky's Rebirth of a Nation - which I haven't seen, admittedly, but which by all accounts seems to be exemplify in its production/distribution exactly what is overlooked in the spectatorial theories of the previous paragraph: i.e., the act of reception (which entails the possibility of critique and the inevitable context of the social body). And it is around the act of reception that the more cultivated tastes of more cultivated observers may, in fact, veil a profound insensitivity to sentiment. More on this to follow.
May you enjoy the bountiful blessings of this special Season and experience the presence and the promises of God.
The pants are 1940s or 1950s wool gabardine, and yes, you guessed it, mens'. Six dollars on eBay, I might add; I guess because they'd be freakishly small for most fellas.
Silent Night
For more information, email Zedde at f.zedde@gmail.com. Registration begins now. Class sizes are limited.
Two days later, a mother who was due to have an emergency caesarean section after her foetus was in distress was forced to push instead because of a power failure. Her baby was stillborn.
HopStop is an absolute must for getting around NYC but I found that the Paris version to be as stand-offish as a Parisian waiter. It was really picky about addresses and didn't recognize 'places of interest' such as Notre Dame and the airport. We used the free MetrO iPhone app instead for directions on public transportation - once you download the maps they're accessible offline.
They even wrote a book together. It’s called: “When the Game Was Ours.”
The 2012 EvaDress Pattern Contest will commence at midnight (00:00 hours) EST January 15, 2012.
Hi lovelies.
As for the title, surely there will be more ‘NO’s’ than ‘YESes’; however, who’s to say that it couldn’t? Not that it’s the best thing to do yet it happens. Manipulation is the most deceptive tool used to get something or keep someone from doing something. Something which causes a great amount of pain later once realized. Yet realization takes awhile in some cases and who’s to say a person would leave once they’ve found out the truth? Never say NEVER right? The word NEVER in the use of trying to ‘protect’ ourselves is ego talk at it’s best. We’ve said NEVER to many situations we’ve placed ourselves in prior to being in them; whether good or bad. And in the event of some of those situations, though painful, we stayed. Furthermore, at some point, we became the manipulators, trying to hold it together. There are even those persons whom may hate the way their marriages are going; yet on the contrary, if it’s going to keep them from being lonely, they’d rather stay; especially if there has been years of dedication towards building up the marriage. Relationships/marriages become a security zone for a lot of people, despite not perhaps having the feeling security while in it. And they really mean business when they repeat the words, “Until Death, Do Us Part”.
1st.....spread the word
The clue I’d found the right solution? I removed the SD card and the phone worked perfectly, though the apps that required the card didn’t work.
Usually, Sci-Fi books are not illustrated, although one can easily claim that many graphic novels are indeed Sci-Fi in nature. Alas, I can’t help but be attracted by drawn images, and I decided early on that Genesis would be illustrated. I believe drawings work with prose to better share what an author envisions than either mode of communication can do alone. My doctoral work at Penn State examined this area, with numerous studies indicating that simultaneously enlisting semantic and visuospatial resources greatly enhances attention acquisition and memory formation.
Whoever controls the energy (and food), also controls the political
Now, I'm not saying that all retailers don't carry synthetic fabrics for all size ranges. Unfortunately clothing manufacturers want to make cheap clothing, and unfortunately most shoppers don't want to pay for quality fabrics. But those of us who know, know that synthetics (other than rayon) are supremely uncomfortable to wear. I got sick of it at one point, and bought two tops from B&Lu which were something like 60% cotton/40% polyester. And I tried to wear them, I did. But I wanted to crawl out of my skin after about 5 minutes. To Goodwill they went!
I have been looking forward to this day for nearly 9 months. It’s here. My stuff is laid out. I am hydrating and getting into bed early. I’m preparing for pain. But I hope I am pleasantly surprised (and I think I will be) that I’ll have a great day. It will be wonderful to see people I know along the way.
If you've already seen my new business cards, you'll notice that I added two new items to my roster of subjects: music and book recommendations. Some people have emailed me requesting suggestions on these subjects, so I thought I would make it official. Also, I'll probably throw in some movie recommendations now and then, so I hope everyone enjoys these additions!
Deacon is in cousin heaven!!
On the first day they released it, the line in the morning was apparently over four hours long just to get into the bar. The tables filled up immediately after opening and people weren't leaving so no one new was able to cycle in for hours. By the time we got there, the next Thursday, the line was luckily non-existent. I will say Younger was freaking delicious. Definitely the best triple IPA I've ever had. It starts with a huge pine nose. Very hoppy up front but not terribly bitter in the back. Some sweetness comes through as I drank but at 10.25% there was never any alcohol presence that I found. I won't say it was balanced, but I wasn't drowning in hops like with the Hopsickle at Moylans. Really worth the trip.
But there is a specific problem which involves Pakistani heritage men... who target vulnerable young white girls. We need to get the Pakistani community to think much more clearly about why this is going on and to be more open about the problems that are leading to a number of Pakistani heritage men thinking it is OK to target white girls in this way."
Anyway, as you can tell this post is not the post I had originally planned. I had all good intentions of coming back into the blogging world, talking my time of course. I thought I was ready to handle the extra work load, but I have to be honest with myself, and with you, after all it is only fair.
A Family Affair
5. The kid's REALLY need underbed storage. I am hoping to use these as inspiration to DIY our own out of our leftover dresser drawers from the dresser we removed. Chalkboard paint plus reinforced drawers plus casters = tons of extra storage!
Nonna has continued to decorate our new home in her head and sends me fifty e-mails a day about where I should put everything. I think I have a few ideas of my own on where I should put that stuff...LOL!
First of all, social media has played a very important role in the current stand-off between state and individual/collective. It's easy to big up Facebook and Twitter and overestimate their involvement in the toppling of Gaddafi and Mubarak but according to Paul Mason in his new book, Why It's Kicking Off Everywhere, there are now nearly one billion FB users: two fifths joined since the start of the Arab spring. In about four days Paul reckons the 500 millionth Twitter account will be created; the 400 millionth one was opened four months ago. Whilst Mark Zuckerberg will find it difficult to convince people that he unseated the Egyptian dictator himself whilst wearing his PJs and slippers, it's fair to say that his creation did have an effect.
I always love to come home to a styrofoam container on my doorstep because that means some great brand wants me to test out their ice cream and let you all know how it is. So really, who turns down ice cream especially when it is delivered to your doorstep. This time around the ice cream was from Schwan's. Honestly I hadn't a clue who or what Schwan's was so quick to my computer I went to and turns out they are an online grocer and food delivery service providing "delicious, easy-to-prepare meals and friendly personalized service". Hmm..let's see a full time job, two kids, and a blog to keep up with…sadly prepared foods are right up my alley. When I said the name most friends said "hey I've seen those trucks" but I can't say I know anyone who has used the service. Unfortunately we didn't get any pizza or crabcakes but we were lucky enough to get a 1/2 gallon of Loaded Waffle Cone with Peanut Butter Swirl Ice Cream, another of Monkeying Around Banana Ice Cream, and a Rainbow CONFETTI™ Ice Cream Cake.
Design is about experience, not always money. There are some amazing designers out there who A) have no interest in working for multi-mil ad companies, or B) haven’t built up that killer portfolio yet.
My concept of Relational Gravity tells me these numbers are purely a barometer of success in connecting with my readers. The numbers say that what I most like to write about – faith and life – apparently makes little connection; while my thinking on marketing and the media seems to draw you in.
To make the meatballs, combine all ingredients and mix well until combined. Form into 24 balls and set aside.
John 3:36 “Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life, but whoever rejects the Son will not see life, for God’s wrath remains on him.”
It turned out so super gorgeous, I gifted it to my sister-in-law. I have no pics of that one. But I do have a custom order from her friend who saw her in it... ;D
There's a few in the Home Ec book, both involve cooking the rice in milk. That has to make them creamier, right? One in particular involves cooking the rice, then baking the pudding...ooooo, long cooking time, let's go for it!
The last time I made a quiche from scratch was way back in I don’t know when at school. There are only a few things I actually remember making in food technology, egg salad (how adventurous that was!), pizza swirls which everyone made in Year 7 but were undoubtably extremely tasty and a rather novel way of using up left over pastry, and finally quiche. When I made it all those years ago I don’t think it turned out how it was meant to and it had to be remade. Oh well, for my first proper attempt since I was about 11 or 12, I have to say I’m rather impressed. It’s not often that a whole recipe works out how it’s meant to, I even managed to make the pastry myself! I’ve sampled a slice of each one (had to be done) and they’re both scrummy. The only downside to quiche is that it does seem to take a hell of a long time to make; it would have also been a lot cheaper to have just gone out and bought one – but where’s the fun in that!?!
And Redford obliged.
Law is responsibility. To riot is to proclaim that the law does not apply to you. That you are beyond, below and above the law. It is a rejection of ownership for individual behavior and the larger society. That attitude can be seen in an administration which conspicuously loots and wastes money because it does not think of the money or the country as belonging to it. It can be seen in the street level rioters for the same reason.
Yet whatever ideas are put forward, one thorny question remains: How can something as immaterial as consciousness ever arise from something as unconscious as matter?
Saw these stamps on my blog rounds, at first I thought I'd not use them but when I saw them I loved them lol, they are of course by Magnolia and are from the latest stamp club so don't know their names yet,
March 26 - Geraldine Ferraro, U.S. vice-presidential nominee (D, 1984), 75
9) Sitting next to crazy people (see Sept 16th's post)
League Of Nations
As per usual, the floor was covered in all kind of football paraphernalia – boots, medical equipment, water bottles, but mostly our team kit, which spewed in all directions out of a black holdall. Ben Rowe surveyed the wreckage for electrical tape. His hands glided in and along it like Han Solo looking for Luke Skywalker beneath the wee and poo of the Death Star's garbage unit. He cannot rest until he's wrapped the tape around his socks to hold his shin pads in place, but he couldn't find any, and he was letting everyone know about it, which, in that cramped changing room, was getting a bit much for me; maybe, subconsciously, that's why I let him have it.
I loved Judy too.”
In a small bowl, combine melted butter and banana, beat well.
Ian Carr describes this album for you."I wrote "Solar Plexus" last year with the help of an "Arts Council" grant. It is based on two short themes which are stated at the beginning("Elements I & II"). The first theme is angular and has a slow crab-like movement : the second theme is direct,simple and diatonic "Changing Times" and "Spirit Level" explore the first theme,and "Bedrock Deadlock" and "Torso" explore the second one."Snakeships' Dream" tries to fuse both themes".
The issue shifted to cost versus available talent, a practical dilemma. Moreover, all costs were out of pocket, and few of us are rich. I was blessed in having access to the Center for Cartoon Studies, which is located in White River Junction, Vermont. I saw CCS’s student artwork online and was impressed. Good artists can also be found online at Deviant Art, which is an excellent venue for anyone considering hiring an artist.
Festival Office of St. Martin de Porres
Now, whether or not this is related to my post, I don’t know. But I believe it might be, as around the time I was first called “B.S.C.” I also gave Rosa the rapper name “Lil’ Intestine.” But when I read that status, I laughed for…probably about a week. It was ingenious beyond belief, I mean that’s real wit. Chronic illness meets literary pun – I love it. Rosa is, easily, the funniest person I know. She’s like a modern Oscar Wilde, if Oscar Wilde wrote facebook statuses instead of plays. And I don’t say that lightly! And not to be all Hipster about this, but I’ve been a big fan of Rosa’s writing waaaay before she published her first book.
It works! Try it. So I always think of that exact story and the four of them when I make banana bread.
The KeepRite KMS/KMD, Trenton TMS/TMD & Bally BMS/BMD line of condensing units are available in single and dual compressor arrangements from 6 Hp to 44Hp utilizing Copeland and Bitzer compressors in Low, Medium and High Temperature applications. Capacities are shown for R404A (LT/MT/HT), R407C (MT/HT) as well as the aging R22 (MT/HT) for replacement equipment applications.
Susan: Today I have with me Jared Adams. He is here to tell us a little bit about himself. Hi Jared. How are you today?
He dozes fitfully. Apparently the actual timeline is Jerusalem, and not a rolling rapture. A tiny chink in the original construct, but unimportant , really.
The Mythic Journey Joseph Campbell so passionately explored and shared with the rest of us and Christopher Vogler so brilliantly captures by in his book Writers Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers is part of the Universal Story.
Hugo-"Wandered off from where?"
Some people might call this the "painting with light" technique. I'm not a fan of the term, because it makes me think of Thomas Kinkade "painter of light." No offense if you're a fan of his (obviously a lot of people are or he wouldn't have stores in your local mall), but those cottages of his always have such intense light emanating from the windows that I can't help but think I am witnessing either an alien abduction or a terrible fire.
from the desire of being approved,
Thrun differentiated Stanford’s free offering with enrolments, scheduled assignments and exams and a ”statement of accomplishment” on students’ completion.
Pumpkins from Home Depot (big bag) = $7 (the rest of the pumpkins I put outside of our house)
I enjoy being on the road. Most of my life has been on the road. It’s a little like home to me. All the junctions and motorways, rest areas for coffee and cake, the holiday routes, coastal paths and so much more. Of course, the period of time spent with no actual home was one of the best times I could have asked for, at that time of life anyway.
Can replace this feeling,
I then started peeling the bark off all the branches.
*Disclaimer: this doesn’t count for existing relationships.
Format issues are something I've noticed myself. Returning to a paperback in a fairly small typesize, I found there were too many words on the page for my current taste. I've become used to fewer paragraphs which I can linger over. Being a fairly fast reader, prone to skim-reading and forgetting what I've read about five minutes later, the Kindle slows me down. Sure, I miss the feel of the page, the smell of the paper and the lovely wide, clean margins of a printed book, but I like the digestible rate of delivery with the Kindle.
at a fifty something lady )
Here's a list of all the printables in the Clean Mama Printables Etsy Shop:
“I’d like to help people re-invent themselves. And I’d start with myself,” he said while thinking—I could re-invent myself by stealing other people’s identities and robbing them blind. He imagined his mother laughing at the double meaning and how clueless the Lieutenant had been sitting there staring at him with those big, doe eyes. She seemed blinded by his cleverness.
Media play a huge role in politics nowadays, that’s why some famous journalists as John Pliger even consider it as “invisible government”. Journalists today have to keep in mind their great responsibility for the information they provide, because it may cause a tremendous dramatic consequences as wars and deaths of many people.
‘I don’t understand,’ I said. ‘I’ve never heard of this before.’
December 4, 2011 Sunday
Hey-it just moved a little. It just moved a little more! I see what’s going on here! Little Mr. Worm here thinks he can invade my river, dangle in front of me, and then run away before getting what’s coming to him. HA! Not on my watch!
Related post:
1. Fangirls. Making everyone else uncomfortable with their obsession.
Anyone else have a problem with sleeping?. I’m not talking about Insomnia more leaning towards Narcalepsy. I’m not falling asleep in my standing, it’s almost as soon as my head hits the pillow. Richie thinks I’ve a problem! I never did before but I guess I can throw it out there.
Later in the week, we have someone coming to install the stair runner. We decided to leave this one to the professionals, but I will take lots of pictures and ask lots of questions in case any of you want to try this yourselves. Have a great day!
Be Grateful
Catherine’s sister Carolyn lived in an apartment in the basement of Westwood Town Hall, in Cincinnati, Ohio, another reported hot spot for spooks. The town hall is reported to be haunted by the ghost of a former security guard who hung himself in the building after he was fired. Some resources say the ghost is known as Willy, others say his name is Wesley. There are many reports of stage sets, costumes and orderly things found in disarray. Water faucets turn on by themselves and locked doors are unlocked, lights turn off and on and children have reported seeing a man on the ground and in the building.
Q uit looking at the future
Earrings: LOFT
In a culture that recognized many gods (idols), our God sought to distinguish Himself in a way that: His people would be encouraged, the Egyptians would be convinced, and His Name would be magnified!. The “signs” and “plagues” were not wrathful demonstrations; rather, they were authoritative demonstrations of the power of God (because the Egyptians worshipped the power of gods)…that would testify of the greatness of God…and demand a thoughtful response to Him.
I love that I’ve met so many wonderful people – activists, friends, authors, chefs – those who share my love for veganism but they are another bonus. I’m not vegan so I can make friends, gather fans or be part of some exclusive club. It’s NOT about my social life; it’s about the animals.
But this time, I want to do something else - so - you see that button there on the left? For the next few weeks, any money donated to the PayPal account will go to Lauren and Elie to help them begin their new home, their new lives. They got many presents in Israel and I'm sure that even now, as they are together in the United States celebrating their marriage with Lauren's wonderful family, I bet they are getting more.
While life’s dark maze I tread,
Matcha Mochi Mini Cake
Just the worry of making sure a model would show up on time is tiring! I always have a moment after Alicia finishes up the makeup and hair, where I briefly freak out and say an inner, resounding "Don't fuck this up". Because at that point it's its really just up to me to prove to this model that she didn't waste her time driving over here on her day off. I feel like adding that bit of pressure is a good thing. Creative people thrive under pressure. So i woke up on Friday morning completely exhausted, having that oh-god-why-did-I-do-so-many-jobs-in-a-row-I'm-in-so-much-pain-right-now feeling. But I chugged some dayquil, took a couple pain pills and pushed through my last shoot at Griffith park. I was so sore, which made me realize that I do some strange poses when snapping shots. I'm flat on the ground, I'm hoping up on tables, I'm one legged against a wall. I must look very silly, but hey it gets the job done. I came back home on Saturday, feeling sick and I totally puked a couple times from exhaustion. hahah.. But everything went fairly smoothly.
The FCO also stated that the government supported “an orderly transition to a democratic system … to meet the legitimate aspirations of the Egyptian people.”
I started off with the house brewed Oatmeal Stout served on nitrogen. A little roasty for my taste, it was an easy drinker.
Are there any indications about next week's theme?
I have already made you the sindoor in the parting of my hair,
OK Dad, here's the part where you can skip.
It has been several months since we haven`t had to deal with a Monday morning melt-down. M seemed fine last night when he went to bed. Sometimes, inexplicably, we all wake up on the wrong side of the bed. This was certainly the case for M this am. Despite his rocky start, he had a relatively good day at both school and daycare. He was in a good mood tonight and didn`t kick up a fuss when his electronics time was over or when it was time for bed. Although M`s melt-downs are furious, they don`t to tend last very long and usually blow over relatively quickly. But like most storms, M leaves a trail of mayhem behind him. In this case, two bewildered and weary parents.
Oh they will talk of modernising, presenting an acceptable face, they will even endeavour to convince us, that their “new way” is the best, however it is a sham, or at best, immense self-deception.
A bigger box is available on Shipito (36″x17″x17″). But please note that the bigger box has limitations for choosing shipping methods (some countries have lower size limits for postal shipments). You will see if you can select your preferred shipping method on consolidation page.
As much as I miss Boston and it's activity filled days, I'm glad to be home. :-)
Bite into this alfresco-worthy meal and you'll find all kinds of fresh summertime ingredients. Juicy chicken. Avocado. Cherry tomatoes. Sliced red onion, corn and black beans. All on crisp romaine and tossed with a spicy, creamy cilantro-lime-chipotle dressing that's good enough to be a dip. And I'm talking the kind you eat with a spoon.
Last night, the wee one and I were playing Just Dance 3. It's somewhat comical to watch them, but it's something they love - and I'm all about having them moving around and playing this game, as it's a real workout. My husband was playing, too, but he put in the injunction that no one could choose "This Is Halloween" as he was sick of the song. Instead, he chose.
They are wonderful word pictures, for those of us who are more visual than verbal. They pack meaning for those of us who like a good symbol. They are memorable and popular. They also teach fantastic lessons about life and how to live life. But first and foremost, parables tell us about life in God’s kingdom.
The kids had a blast. Me? I felt conned. But it was the most fun I’ve ever had being conned.
1 recall
For Lent this year I'm going to take better care of myself so that I can take better care of others. I want this season of Lent to represent the sacrifice of irritation and an increase of joy. Check back with me in forty days and I'll let you know how it goes.
And I'm not sure any doctor would recommend the BPJSDPCCSC&SRCW Diet.
Pulling out of her pussy
Springtime Genny-style
"Affection?" We call it love round these parts.
Put the pecans or pine nuts in a dish in the oven to heat for a few minutes.
For each well remembered
In British Columbia, why is it important to keep the Canadian Pacific’s Armstrong Subdivision in rail operations and prevent CP from selling it off for non-transportation use? Why is it important that all abandoned rail lines be turned into bike trails? Why is it important that all operational rail lines also have bike trails within their right-of-way where mountain cliffs are not a hindrance? Look at what is happening in Toronto and Ontario into Québec. ( www.biketrain/ca ). For rail-trails and rail with trails, Québec’s La Route Verte touring cycling routes and findings in an economic report prepared by a Montréal university, has shown a clear, positive impact on local retail economies.
*Improve eyesight
Me: (very surprised) A military man huh?
Via: Think Progress
Another variant of the story involves a “hill of fire” (volcano), an arrow and a bird (kingfisher).
Sib Hashian-Drums/ Background Vocals
8 ply
to be further complicated, confused, empty but refilling, exposed to light"
None of us controls our own life, problems or surroundings but there is comfort in knowing that Jesus Christ will always be with us. It is good to have an intimate relationship with Jesus since He knows us better than anyone else. He knows everything about us including our thoughts and feelings. We are very important to Him. Trust and believe that Jesus Christ is a wonderful friend and He loves you.
The wonderful elements of our natural world can be witnessed everywhere. These are not only seen when exploring forests or navigating rivers, but are truly realized where the eyes generally don’t look and where the mind skips over. The great open spaces of the world hold many wonders, in just the simple space that they occupy. Here in the sphere of fields, we find the vast openness of the world; a window into the heartmind.
As we sat around the table at breakfast, we each quietly pondered the morning events. We asked ourselves why it was so unsettling, and we remembered the gift and fragility of life. On a lighter note, we laughed about the near extinction of the easter bunny for future generations. I know, it sounds horrible, but we were dealing with a somewhat difficult situation and used humor to lighten the mood.
The Captain picks unhooks her intercom and begins her departure, “My name is Bernadette and I will be your driver from here to there for the next 12 hours thanks to unfair labor issues between management and the unions. Those bastards take my dues but I don’t see them getting my pay bumped up or insurance that includes dental but you better believe I’m going to take all the sixty-minute dinner break that’s for damn sure. For your entertainment we will be showing a kids movie that will make you want to shoot your damn brains out before the end of the trip so no loud noises, be courteous, and don’t bother your driver by staying behind the damn white line. I know you all see it so stay back. In the event of fire the windows unlatch at the top, pull down and get your ass outside.In case of an emergency water landing your seat cushions will drown with you you. Thank you for riding Greyhound and we hope you have a good trip now let’s
I unravel a tangled web connecting President Obama, Eric Holder, Janet Napolitano and a number of advisors and political appointees behind Fast and Furious. These officials have deep loyalties to each other and their anti-Second Amendment ideology dating as far back as the Clinton Administration. In fact, many key Fast and Furious players have deep ties to Chicago and helped craft the 1994 Clinton assault weapons ban legislation.
I have been asked to do a friend a favor so in August my blog will be burnin up with creativity!!!! ;) AND I have an order of 100+ Wedding Invites to do and possibly ANOTHER batch of Wedding Invites... too bad neither appreciate the offer to use my SYMPATHY STAMPS on them!!! :) :) :)
I do like the end result, after blocking and drying. Happy knitting!
My image soon to be ash
How to Stop Severe Underarm Sweating
True champagne comes from the Champagne region in the northeastern part of France which jealously protects the name "Champagne'' worldwide. That's why the phrases "Champagne style'' and "methode champenoise'' appear on a lot of non-French labels. (See how much you've learned already?)
I am leaving Japan in the beginning of June, sadly. I tried last week to take a ton of photo's but I'm honestly sad about leaving that I haven't even bothered loading them. I've been trying hard to put a smile on my face even though it feels like this distance bull crap is never going to end. I did purchase a lot of material to start making hair bows and selling them because I'm going to be bored, registered for classes so I can stay busy and plan on hitting the gym with old friends so I don't turn into a whale. Trying to turn this pile of negative into something good.
All of a sudden, all of the following things make sense.
Like many of my contemporaries, I love Star Wars. I love the universe, the characters, the battles, and while Star Wars is in no way perfect (Phantom Menace..) I am endlessly endeared. I even waited in line for 8 hours to see Revenge of the Sith, so you can trust when I say I’m a fan.
1000 words
And if you come, when all the flowers are dying
You’ve been blinded by your own feeling.
The spectacle of human folly; I suppose that is the attraction of adventure books, catastrophic or heroic. Without heroic fools like Burke and Wills, nothing would happen.
It's nice to know that my travels help me experience the gospel up close in ways that aren't apparent at first, but with the opportunity to actually attend church then I can see the connection. Thank you Nursery!
Until last season, he never threw more than 11 interceptions in a season. Even last year he averaged less than a pick per game. In 52 games, he has fumbled 24 times. That seems like alot until you compare it to Russell’s 22 fumbles in 31 games. Oakland’s line has been far from reliable, but the Redskins didn’t exactly have the Hogs blocking for Campbell the last 3 years.
The latest banner reads “No to Upward Only Rent, No to Political Liars, No to the Fiscal Compact”. John’s objection to the fiscal compact appears to be based on the view that further austerity will turn the retail landscape of Ireland into a “wasteland”. There’s even a video to announce the launch here, with a raucous music accompaniment.
Capt. Thomas Farino, 37, Bohemia, N.Y.
Our next mission was to find a place to camp for the night, make dinner, and sleep. Once you leave the Goblin Valley State Park heading west towards the trailhead you enter BLM land where you can stake your camping claim anyhwere that has a suitable place, ie not blazing off trail and creating a new route. Being the weekend and with the relative popularity of that area, we didn’t have high hopes for finding a good camping spot after coming off the trail so late. To our wonderment though the first spot we check out after leaving the trailhead was perfect. We wasted no time getting camp setup so we could get some food in us. In classic southern Utah spring tradition, there was a pretty strong, gusty wind blowing that was blowing sand and dust everywhere. This prompted us to deploy the changing room off of the roof top tent since it provides a place to make food with less sand in it. Always a plus.
I'd rather they made fascism history for our kids instead and I am sure most parents would too if they were allowed to learn the truth about smoking and how they are being used by people who really don't care about the children
The concert comes to a close, the crowd clears and stumbles off smelling fresh, green and grungy. Stage hands begin the tear down and the grounds team gets to work. The only physical memories left of the teeming crowd are garbage and blankets. The actual memories of those who were there will survive well into a warmly remembered night, and gradually fade away. Luckily for all of us, there will be more music in the outdoors, on the streets, and in our homes.
_____My neighbor asked me draw a picture of him so i drew a huge D**k. I hope he likes it.
I can't believe your Daddy and I just took your 2 month pictures! Time went by fast before, but now with you I find myself actually trying to hold onto the minutes. You really are a sweet baby, you have this laid back personality that I am in love with. You stretch all of the time and when you do you look like an old man, it melts my heart. You cry when your hungry, need your diaper changed or want your passy and when you do cry you start with your bottom lip which again melts my heart! You are now two months old. You are working really hard to hold your head up. While you do that you kick your legs, I know you are going to be rolling over before we know it. You love when Daddy comes home and know his voice very well. He likes to hold you like a football and walk around the house, it's very cute. I love my boys and I am so happy to be your mom, you already have changed me for the better. I love you with all my heart bubby!
3: Whole Lotta Love
Bottom line is most reasonable people don’t cal Animal Control on their neighbors when their dogs slip out of the fence. Most would try to retrieve the animal or call the neighbor to let them know. Obviously, my LTDN is not reasonable and is harboring some serious hatred towards us. Certainly, no way to live…life is to short to be so obsessed with other people and trying to hurt them.
Me and Loke at the party after the concert. ♥
And, of course, they were also the first to adopt custom rear window decals. These are large affairs, two to five feet wide, white lettering and designs on a clear backing. They might say any number of things--the name of the owner, the name of the owner's car club, the name of the car; the usual stuff.
Lost my mojo a little bit over the last couple of weeks but did manage to make this card. Wasn't too happy with it when I first did it, but it is growing on me! Hope you like it!
Whatever the series. anyone who is a regular viewer of Law and Order will be aware that each episode follows a set formula, a crime is committed and is investigated for the first part of the show by mixed race detectives from the New York Police department under the control of the sturdy and black authority figure Lt. Anita Van Buren. After Lt. Van Buren's boys have made their arrest the action moves on to the court case where the accused perpetrator is prosecuted by the indescribably irritating Jack McCoy (Sam Waterston) and the relevant season's interchangeable foxy chick.
I thought I skipped dinner today no I just had a small meal of spicy chicken and rice which is just great I think I am on a roll here I don’t feel hungry at all and I think updating this journal does helps as I have to make sure I don’t fail at this.
TAPIAINEN T, BÄR G, SCHAAD UB, HEININGER U. Influenza vaccination among healthcare workers in a university children's hospital. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2005; 26: 855-858.
I’m not really into epic fantasy anymore and honestly, this book seems only mildly interesting to me but I know a lot of people like it. I chose this book because its rating stats are absolutely insane (for Smashwords where there are very few readers). Off of 54 Smashwords reviews, this book has a 4.96 star rating! In total, it has 53 5-star reviews and one 3-star review. That’s insane! This book must be excellent! And it’s free!
I rented lots of movies and watched them. I rented “The Greening of Whitney Brown”, “Percy Jackson and the Olympians : The lightning thief” , and Journey to the Center of the Earth.” Also shark night but whatever. I think I will do some movie reviews!! Does that sound like a plan?? GOOD.
Me: But just because some of these stereotypes are true doesn’t mean you should generalize. Because they’re not all true, and you’re really harming people by making assumptions.
We'll start this post with a challenge: namely, I challenge you to open your TV/window or go to the nearest bus/tram/subway/square. I'll bet you my beautiful peach scented bottom that there's 99% chance you'll hear some asshole complaining about how the leaders of the country fuck everything up, how their jobs suck and how they would change the World should they be given a chance.
Sterlite Techno
“Sorry to interrupt I need to talk to you.”
Reading biographies is a great way to learn how to live one’s life. Lincoln sets great examples
To offer yourself to someone for smiles,
Thanks Steph for totally spoiling me as usual! I love them all, the owl is really cuddly too :-)
Rubies aid regeneration of the physical/spiritual heart. Enhances circulation. Vitalizes blood and entire body/mind system. Strengthens immunity. Activates sluggish or dormant conditions on physical/spiritual levels. Refines spiritual devotion, power, leadership. Helps banish sense of limitation.
I just do my utmost to add gems and or glitter to every card :)
Magazines and newspapers all have stories they run in one form or another, year in, year out. The details may differ, but the stories are largely the same everywhere, striking universal chords of sex, health, and money. A few of these perennials, however, don’t travel. They drill deep into one country’s psyche while everyone else scratches their heads and says, “Huh?”
So something like this happens. And I think of you. I see your face. I feel it coming. And suddenly the sadness crashes down on me, washes over me, it’s like water that I’m drowning in. My body goes cold. I get goosebumps. The by-now-familiar pain in my chest comes back, although it’s never really left. My arms tingle, then my fingers tingle, down to the tips. I take a deep breath in and let it out, as the pain and sadness rush through me. And I let them. I embrace them. They are beautiful to me. They let me remember what it was like to be truly happy, truly in love. Truly yours. Those are feelings that I don’t ever want to let go. I know I have to, in order to feel them again. But I can’t yet. I’m not ready. I’ll cry if you make me give up those memories, those feelings. I want to be sad. I want to remember in vivid detail the look you get on your face for each and every emotion. I want to close my eyes and tell myself that you are there, inches away, smiling at me, loving me, staying quiet, keeping your hands to yourself, but there. And I will keep my eyes shut to allow myself this happiness for a few more seconds, and I will smile at you, and say Hello, I’ve missed you. And I will envision the way you’d smile back, and I will reach out to touch you, and find nothing there. But as long as you’re here again for just one minute, one beautiful minute in this excruciating day…it’s worth it.
1¾ cups sugar
The consensus around our house: this weekend we're breaking out the punch list.
- price includes a delicious lunch provided by the essential ingredient cafe, please advise of any dietary requirements
You can continue, conga-line fashion (heehe) sewing up one side, cutting baggie to desired length and then sewing other side until you run out of "strip" to cut/sew. I got 4 6 inch baggies plus one smaller one out of one strip of fabric and one yard of velcro.
And an outfit is not complete without the matching hair clip! I really think that my favorite part about sewing...I can make hair clips to coordinate perfectly and the whole look will be complete!
3. If you buy from 1 shop, like another's Facebook page and comment on another's shop, this earns you 1 entry.
“Biology is the least of what makes someone a mother.”
FILM-OBJECTS
The T-shirt, featured at the top of my blog, comes in adult sizes S-2XL and is inspired by the work of Haitian artisans who salvage steel oil drums and transform them into awe-inspiring works of art - most often as metal wall sculptures. Artists use hammers and chisels to create their designs, breathing new life into old material.
Place in a large stockpot and fill with water until it just covers the potatoes.
Heads up world here we come!
"-of Federas. I've heard of you." Rissad's voice was hoarse. Rel pondered an oddity; in his viewing, he'd seen two faces for Rissad all the way through his incarceration, the 'hidden' one suggesting the Gatemaker had remained in total control, guided by some plan or other, throughout. There was no sign of that here. With a bitter grin, Rissad finished, "What brings you to my humble abode? Chag?"
Released in the early morning of the Thatcher era, Gypsy Blood is a towering monument to the failure of Punk. Working loosely within the Classic Rock idiom, on this recording (their second LP, following the speed-fuelled sonic claustrophobia of Remember- a relentless, dualistic masterpiece of horror and beauty) Doll By Doll blended elements of pub-rock, doo-wop, folk, country, psychedelia, gospel, early-60s pop melodrama, and the Velvet Underground, added their own unique guitar ferocity (albeit tempered here) and a late-70s dynamic production sheen (think Born To Run or Bat Out Of Hell). The result is a singular work of breathtaking magnificence, capped by the sweeping power of Jackie Leven's vocals.
Free Kittens recently caught up with Stephen L. Brayton, author of the novels, Beta and Night Shadows (both published by Echelon Press). When he isn’t writing, Brayton is also an experienced martial arts instructor, in addition to having a day job. He is a pretty busy guy, so we here at Free Kittens are pleased he took some time from his busy schedule to let us know a little more about him.
Call Oregon gov Kitzhaber (503)378-4582
“Made In Britain” (a book by Evan Davis to accompany his BBC 2 series to be shown in June 2011) supports the findings of this ipeg study. Evan Davis explains that traditional manufacturing was dispersed geographically mainly due to natural resources – i.e. the concentration of steel works in Wales due to the availability of pig iron and coal – but now with the rise of the knowledge industries, and the greater need for face-to-face contact, people cluster in particular regions which has lead to the regional imbalances we see today.
How much you need: The 2010 Dietary Guidelines for Americans suggest that 20 to 35 percent of your total daily calories should come from fat. Of that amount, less than 10 percent should come from saturated fat. For someone on a 2,000-calorie per day diet, that translates to 65 grams of unsaturated fats.
Apple crumble
Given the large number of impacts the study was forced to look at, she asked the developers: “Why don’t you consider somewhere else?”
I just love all the beautiful colors on the trees right now, but not sure I am ready for cooler temperatures.
So just to remind you, if you spend over £100 on Wooden Raised Beds before Midnight on Monday 26th March, we’ll send you a FREE 3.5 ltr tub of Slug Gone with our compliments.
Orthodoxy – One searches for truth, but it may be that one pursues instinctively the more extraordinary truths (p. 196).
Dress: Nine West
Here’s my last word on the matter: good on you, Favrey – you’re a genuine one in a billion.
In the pond, there is this large tree trunk that lies on its side, a casualty of Hurricane Fran in 1996 when the wind snapped a large oak tree into three chunks and threw the largest one into the pond. It has remained there since, a gift to the wildlife. Everybody hangs out there, from spiders, fish and ants, to hawks, muskrats (at the same time no less), and ducks. It is the inter-species resting place, the sunning spot for 10 or 12 turtles, and the staging area for birds fishing in the pond.
The light of future day.
It's an alcoholic soft drink.
Yesterday, we went on An Adventure.
The Next Big Thing in art. It opened with
Opportunities don’t always come to us. Most opportunities are created.
beginning this five-minute-a-day blog is an excercize in beating that inner perfectionist to death.
The funny (?) thing is- some of the worst driving in London is carried out by minicab and private hire cars. In fact not just in London but all over! To stereotype, minicab drivers do not use their mirrors properly, do not signal, change lanes irratically, overtake too close, shout out the window at cyclists doing legal, sensible and advised manouvers and generally are a pain in the cyclists butt (or wherever they get hit…). Luckily Mr Griffin doesn’t think the “rules” apply to his private hire cars. As a clear expert on the subject, Griffin has got himself in trouble earlier in the week by advising his drivers to drive illegally in the bus lanes as he would reimburse any fines incurred by doing this.
Feeling seriously chilled now, even though the car isn't packed.
If you need to cancel your attendance for any reason, we will not be able to refund your payment unless we have a waiting list.
Our water consumption has dropped from an average of 18 cubic meters per month to about 9 cubic meters per month. I was skeptical low flow toilets and taps could actually make a difference but I guess I am wrong. I am interested to see if there is a noticeable drop when we get around to purchasing a high efficiency washing machine. I know there would be a drastic drop if Dave would give up his epically long baths.
In Autumn, the trees start to change and the air get’s gusty! The rusty burnt colours of the trees and the crispy freshness of the air, mmm, I can smell it already! I really am obsessed!
Cheers to the cuisines of the Mediterranean….now onto finish my paper that is due tomorrow for my Mediterranean class.
Please, everyone, don't let this happen. Blog and rant about libraries and cuts. Write to politicians. I did last night. And if you know people who have already blogged, please put links to them in the comments below. I'll then transfer them into this post.
Use five words to describe your loved one that is addicted, using, in recovery, living life on there terms, any anything else or these can be the words for yourself. You can identify the person or not, maybe just son, daughter spouse or just put down five words.
Now my second bit of shameless linking is actually no longer shameless because Maxabella has excelled herself and decided to give her giveaway to someone who could use a lot more xmas cheer than the rest of us need right now (have you been over to Jelly Shane's Girl Power initiative yet??). But because I think this is oh so lovely, I would still love to link up to her very generous contributers!
So, I decided to explore purchasing special lighting. Now, I love blogging - don't get me wrong. But it is a hobby, not a profession for me. So, I do need to keep that in perspective. The cost of special photography lighting? Quite a bit. More than I wanted to spend, anyway. But I didn't give up hope ...
Our guide later said that the weather we experienced was more on par with the turbulent season of August, when there are no tours. Predicting the weather atop the volcano is impossible and nothing below can accurately predict what will happen above. While the National Park itself was gorgeous, the páramo enchanting, and the climate a refreshing change from Cali, our volcano hike was more or less one of the more trying and uncomfortable experiences in recent memory. Actually I am not exaggerating when I say that the only sustained event I can think of in the last five years that was worse was when I contracted Dengue.
or ‘thing of my blood‘
the fourth straight decline in deficit spending. After that, Democrats in
8. Serve hot with Garlic Naan.
The American city was once the heart of an industrial machine manned by workers who believed that they could get ahead in life. And then the worker became a minority in cities dominated by the indolent, by municipal unions, by social workers, community organizers and bleeding heart college graduates who squeezed him out. When the looters came for the American worker, he fled to the suburbs, the city declined, and the rioters unleashed their rage on the Chinese who came to take his place.
Lyn x
So, instead of a GUN store, you know, a place where everything I need is in plain sight and where the countermen are knowledgeable, I have to go to a sporting goods store.
I'm not unusual.
Dallas, Texas (CNN) -- African-American workers at a Texas pipe factory endured a string of racial slurs and harassment and were targeted by their managers when they complained, federal investigators have determined.
IN CONCLUSION
She would sit for hours, while watching TV or writing letters, and listen to her son practice the guitar. It didn’t matter if he was practicing a scale or a song, she would tap her foot in time with the music, loving every minute.
I loved the BBC2 historical dramas on Sunday afternoons, and I Claudius (the girl from Children of the Stones was in this too) Monty Python, Survivors (nightmares!) and later, dramas like Edge of Darkness.
Saint of the Day
Now when we turn towards our Bollywood Barbie doll Katrina Kaif, she likes to wear a form-fitting Gavin Miguel attire, with gold exploring till end Known to support solid colours and simple lines, the dipping neckline appears like a first on the actress. But is that significantly a good thing? Katrina’s boring black peep toes and same old blow-dried hair left open as usual, feels as if you can yawn after seeing her. Katrina is not bad at all but certainly some changes are required. A loose white shirt paired with a high-waist black skirt and pretty drop earrings, makes a good stuff but still one feels bored looking at the same style again and again.
I have lost an enormous amount of friends over the past few years, since I’ve started speaking about my true beliefs regarding issues like these and related topics. Believe me when I say - that until now, I’ve presented my arguments in an extremely mild form. I have not once yet brought up the fact that the biblical Sixth Commandment, which says: “Thou shalt not commit adultery,” was actually translated many years ago in the Greek Septuagint as, “Thou shalt not interbreed”. Jewish folk, and the elder conservative Afrikaners are well acquainted with that basic rule, but modern-day folk… On second thoughts, I think it’s best that we leave this topic right now, as it can only lead to complicated theological explanations of why the Latin Vulgate differs, and how it came about that the word “adultery” was preferred. (Hmmm, no wonder I’ve avoided this approach in the past!) - Let's move on...
All My Best Thoughts & Wishes, Shanddddddddjkkkmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmnccccccccccccccccccccccccccccczzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzmoijjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjç
This one I took pictures of is always at the location near my house and I have always thought the colors looked pretty. I finally took some photos on the way to grocery shopping the other day. I asked the owner and he was happy with it. Luckily the sun was out which is not very common here. I would not brave the food from a street vendor myself, but I would like to get some for my help at home some time.
For breakfast we ordered our self some in-room service!!!
From the very first page Taylor opens up a world of folklore and fairytale. The winter location of Prague feels 18th Century and very mystical - a perfect setting for the otherworldly Karou. She - with her tattoos and blue hair and artistic ability - is one of the strongest female protagonists I've seen in a YA novel for a while. She is strong yet vulnerable, talented, sardonic and brave.
"Hi sweetie,
Mysteriously, with the sound of wind-chimes
Thank you for all the fun day I have,
1) 5 table spoons of Plum Sauce
Grilled Tilapia
Since he’s been in business, in addition to the legal battles and verbal abuse, King’s company has been vandalized and threatened on numerous occasions.
They mosey around for a while exchanging some nonsensical dialogue and the scenes are transitioned horribly through schizophrenic drug induced hallucinations that look like stuff you’d see in a 1995 computer game. The whole thing is just too cluttered and claustrophobic, with short scenes broken up by tons of bright, flashy colors enough to give small Japanese children seizures. How am I supposed to be invested in this? It’s practically the cinematic equivalent of a hyperactive little girl on too much sugar!
“I know some of us are not in Japan right now, and alot of us consider Japan our home away from home.
And He tells me I am His own;
Well, here's the secret weapon:
What happened over the years? Seriously, Get away from the computer and the inter-web. Put down the coconut water and go play with your kids. You will learn more in ten minutes watching them move naturally and freely then you would ever learn from this site or an X-Fit ape cert for pose running!!!
It’s sixty-five degrees downtown-
I have a marvelous magic fence outside of my bathroom window. Well, it used to be more magical a few years ago. There was a lovely ragged bushy tree that stood next to it then. Why did that make my fence magical, you ask?
we're back people, and you're caught up.
Anyway, following the session, the team traveled to Bilbao. On the way there, Xabi Alonso read the book “Grupo Salvaje,” as we found out via Álvaro Arbeloa’s twitter. Love the little salute! Once in Bilbao, and according to Raúl Albiol, this woman mistakenly got on the team bus! Let me tell you, she totally did that on purpose, she was just hoping no one would notice and she could hang out with the players. I imagine she’s not the only one to think this up… And since there’s a cameraman in the background, where’s the video?? We also found out through the local media that the team bus pulled up to the hotel blasting music from 50 Cent.
BUCHHOLZ U, HAAS W, KRAMER M. Influenza-Impfung bei medizinischem Personal: Überraschende Defizite in deutschen Krankenhäusern Influenza vaccination in health-care workers: surprising deficits in German hospitals. Deutsches Ärzteblatt 2002; 99: A2460-A2461.
K: Speaking of coming out of Georgia; one of the things I wanted to ask you about, as someone who spent half my life in Chicago and the other half in Texas; I’m curious as to whether you think of yourself as more of a northerner or southerner.
Five members have walked out and now they are fighting with the party leader, William Mawan, over who should contest which seat for BN at the coming Federal Election.
Behind the table of this shelter there is a platform the length of the shelter upon which you can roll out your sleeping bag and spend the night off the ground. Some shelters even have two platforms and can sleep up to eight or ten people. There is always a log book in the shelters for hikers to log in, if desired, and leave a note for followers. You can enlarge the photo and see the book on the sleeping platform in the right corner. "Wendy" had stopped by here that morning for breakfast. It's a nice place for hikers to gather and share trail stories around the campfire.
under your door
A moment of life springs forth...an elderly couple sits in the park talking.
--translated by Cliff Crego
Ever since I've started blogging I have developed a heightened appreciation for beautiful photography. I'm learning all sorts of wonderful new tips and tricks to try and make my photos look more interesting but I have a long way to go before I can compare to some of the wonderful photographs I have seen. I've even been brave enough to try to use some of the manual settings on the camera and have been fairly pleased with how they have turned out.
It's really a simple and lovely cake. Very filling, too, so you can get quite a few servings out of one cake!
6. I used to be corporate sell-out then I realized that I can no longer stand the crazy office politics and decided to do freelance writing.
Style: Tech House
Love the Farmer's Market food vendors. Sometimes, I get Thai food or a Pupusa or maybe a BBQ turkey leg to take home (there are also crepes, corn on the cob, seafood, sausages and bacon wrapped hot dogs). Of course, kettle corn is a must! Yesterday, I picked up the Corn Maiden pumkin, raisin and rum tamale with tomatillo sauce. Delicious!
Great Divide Espresso Yeti
Konditor is the German work for confectioner. And the confections on display include Scottish tablet – a particular favourite of Somewhere Else guide Adam.
and, so we made the best of it and partied indoors.
Omer is the man behind the international firm, Bocci. As founder and creative director he has been responsible for the creation of everything from the notable 2.4 Chair, the 22 Series Plug Socket, and even the medals for the 2010 Olympic and Paralympic games (with Aboriginal artist, Corinne Hunt) in addition to the multitude of accessories, lighting furniture and objects available through Bocci. Most recently, Arbel has launched the 28 Series light fixtures, which is also not only the purpose of his journey to the island, but was also our first ever giveaway on the blog (which was quite a success, if I may say so myself). The firm has grown tremendously since its inception in 2005, and is now sold in over 20 countries and has a satellite office based in Berlin. Bocci products are quickly becoming a staple in interior designers and architects library.
stooped down to pick up His cross. He stoops down to lift you up – no matter what
*20% off Bed, Bath & Beyond coupon
Well I got my substitute teaching job. I am so extremely excited but terrified at the same time. I have no experience in this field. I’ve been a CNA since I graduated high school and I also worked at a bingo hall. This is going to be so different that anything I’m use to. I’m ready for it though. I was working as a CNA last year but I had to take off because I had a cyst removal and an appendectomy, with a side of internal bleeding. But I quit because a month after my surgery I found out I was pregnant. But since I had my daughter I’ve been doing nothing! It’s driving me crazy! And I thought about going back to CNA work, but I really do not want to wipe ass anymore.
Another bootfair gem I got recently was the album Ode to John Law by scottish band Stone The Crows. I have to admit to being rather ignorant of this band having only seen a clip of them on an Old Grey Whistle Test rerun. But I liked what I heard and when I saw this LP of course I couldn't pass it up! I love that this you tube clip has a good crackle to it, there's nothing like listening to vinyl is there?!
Today is the day we have been sooooo been waiting for - the gorgeous new Sylvia Zet images are being released by SCACD Stamps! There are EIGHT fantastic and utterly adorable images, all exclusive to SCACD Stamps in yummy red rubber, and they are all available NOW!!!
flower button
A Light Green Pearl Pen (Viva Decor) is used for the trim around the bodice. I let this dry for a few hours before resuming the card. One can choose to add this after the card has been assembled. I just like to do things the hard way ! LOL
Its cool to hear how the various remixers work with the source material, revealing their personalities along the way, as well as the adaptability of McRyhew's song-writing. With the homespun feeling of the hand-made electronica, there is a spark of humanity in this bent and broken circuit boards and chip tune vocals. There is no trace of irony here. With crisp, warm beats and solid musicality, this is bound to sound great through systems and headphones alike, so DJs take note and listeners beware. The fact that this is a free download from Thug Entrancer's bandcamp means that there is literally no excuse for not checking out. Unless you just don't like good music.
Speaking of which, this week I’ve found myself running out a different door. And in a different part of town. (I’m house-sitting.) And what has really surprised me is how much closer the neighbourhood school seems to be getting each day.
And speaking of celebrating, this is how I celebrated…
I grabbed beers with my fellow students and our professor after our final cartography presentations this week. Mine was so stressful I nearly died, but I think I am 100% prepared to defend a thesis. Who knew the data architecture of my project would start a 2 hour debate with experts being Skyped in from Halifax to voice their opinion? After a long semester we were glad to have everything behind us. We all deserved a beer, or 7. Needless to say, it became an interesting night.
2. Once the spines were cut off the publications so that all the pages consisted of loose sheets, the publications were scanned. The section to be scanned was selected from the registration database before the publication was put into the scanner. Scanning allowed a TIFF (‘Tagged Image File Format’) file to be created for each page of the publication. After the scanning, the TIFF file was transferred to an OCR (‘Optical Character Recognition’) server.
You may not know this, but I actually like the original Hans Christian Andersen story, even though it doesn't have a happy ending. A lot of people dislike the original because of this and like to believe that Disney's version is the official one. I'm always surprised when people don't know the original tale, but many don't. Maybe it's sadistic of me, but I do like a heartbreaking story. My favorite retelling so far is Caroyln Turgeon's MERMAID, which grabbed me because it was based more on the original tale than it was the more well-known version. I love that it's told from two POVs, only one being the mermaid's, and the other being the princess we all forget about as we read. Plus, the writing is beautiful!
Life is shit.
The farmer, Abraham Oosthuizen (35), a crop- and cattle-farmer on the farm Grootlaagte near Schweizer-Reneke, told Beeld newspaper that was attacked Friday at around 8pm after he had offloaded workers at their homes. He parked his bakkie in a car-port about 15m from his homestead and had just climbed out with some documents in one hand, and his .22 shotgun in the other, when three black people stormed towards him and fired a shot at him, he told Beeld newspaper.
running to my craft store...
released this week. That’s a $7 million increase on 2010, a $213 million year for Albany lobbying. Nearly 6,100 lobbyists filed reports and registered with JCOPE by the end of 2011, representing 3,535 clients.
I believe that we are living in a divided nation and this division is creating stress on everyone, as what was once common decency and mutual respect for differing opinions, has become a mud-slinging, gutter sniping, public evisceration of “gotcha” politics. The latest casualty is Rush Limbaugh, whose remarks have set off a fire storm on the left, calling for Limbaugh’s sponsors to drop him. Radio campaign next step against Rush Limbaugh – Washington Times
I cringed a little at that. Because if there is one thing I don’t know how to do, it is spell or punctuate. Or count, but that’s a different issue.
No explanation needed, but we’ll give one anyway. Sure he can go back to TV and perhaps try again next year, but he really lost his opportunity, even as his followers lost their enthusiasm the second he actually announced his candidacy.
It has the same soft fruit palate and the same invigorating gunpowder finish. The light in Mulligan's isn't great (that's my excuse for these crappy photos) but it certainly looked to be the same shade of yellow. There did seem to be an extra smack of bitterness in the middle, but that could easily have been my imagination. Colin took a sample and assured me that it was the correct beer; that it tastes totally different to Helvick; and that I have the gustatory acuity of a donkey with a headcold. Colin doesn't get these things wrong.
“When we looked at the calendar last fall, our goal for June 1st was to make sure that the kids had turned in all their equipment.” …
Level 17: Weapon ATT: +17, Accuracy: +6%, Proc Rate: 54%, Deals 211% damage 2 times.
There are over 100,000 publishers in the USA alone. With the exception of the six big boys in New York City and other large publishers, most take direct submissions without an agent. We’re talking well over 80,000 publishers here!
Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is an empty man. He lacks emotion, he lacks a sense of reality, and seriously lacks a genuine sense of humanity. “There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman…but I simply am not there.” For whatever perverse reason, Patrick Bateman is completely disassociated from the rest of humanity. He’s a Wall Street executive that really does nothing all day long, but earns loads of money despite it. He finds many people despicable from his girlfriend Evelyn (Reese Witherspoon) to his own co-workers to the random homeless man on the street. By night, he has a terrible bloodlust that he is slowly losing control of. But the question ends up being – what is reality and what is just pure fantasy? This is a dark, dark journey through the mind of one demented and empty individual – welcome to the life of Patrick Bateman.
On Saturday we headed down to Nexus International School where The Warriors took on the Irish in some WEIRDO version of AFL. There were soccer nets and round balls being used - wow, they sure do know how to ruin a game (in my opinion). It was a family affair for sure, loads of kids and even some dedicated wives behind the barbie cooking a few snags for the spectators.
Preheat oven to 200°C / 390°F. Arrange pears over the base of a heavy, ovenproof frying pan (cut sides up). Place sheet of pastry over pears, and trim. Brush pastry with caramel sauce from original pan.
How portable does your new laptop need to be?
You’re obsessively,
But, all this is contingent upon Diamond Aircraft’s obtaining full funding for the development program. That could be a $50-100 million challenge. BCA
I looked around the living room. Here’s what I saw: a glass of water; a magazine; my laptop; several remotes; some pillows. These would all be either ineffective or messy. A candle? Yeah, that could work. I could throw it at his head to temporarily startle him, at which point I could run back to the kitchen and get an actual weapon like a knife, which I probably should have had in the first place.
First thing that comes to mind is indulge my love for travel in a place I’ve never been before and share it with my husband and sister and brother-in-law.
Another woman I spoke to this week recalled seeing her former boss, a senior figure at a well-known advertising agency, 'drinking' vodka through his eye at an advertising party.
11.) Lantang gulay
While working as chemical engineers, professionals will be working in laboratories, manufacturing plants or offices. Depending on the requirement, engineers may also need to spend time outdoors. Chemical engineers usually work 40 hours a week. Around 33,000 jobs for chemical engineers are expected by the year 2016. The median annual salary of chemical engineers is $78.860. Starting salary of chemical engineers is the highest as compared to other graduate level jobs.
San Samuele has perhaps definitively shifted from venery to venality. The only scandals are financial these days … a local hotel and our vigile have been implicated in a big bribery case. As for cuckolds, whores, gamblers and blasphemers –I’m now surrounded by respectable large families and a honeycomb of dark warrens on the debatable land of the ground floor, inhabited by Enrico the electrician and various plumbers and other tradesmen.
But, this happened on New Year's of the new millennium: Jimmy'd gone to the temple to avoid the drinking that had led him at his birthday party to make a fool of himself on video, and his discontent with his immaturity and his marriage amidst his career making a living as a housepainter leads him to renounce first meat, then alcohol and, at least for now, sex with his wife.
I myself am a mix of many nationalities, I come from Denmark, Norway, Belgium and Spain. Only one fourth of me is Danish, but I grew up in Denmark.
2 Tbsp. butter or oil
And since we're talking about money here, let me just give an update on how this whole Dave Ramsey budget thing is going...
Anyhoo, I knew she was nominated for a South Bank Sky Arts Award for best album, along with Adele and PJ Harvey, but I never dreamed for a moment that even if she'd won she'd actually turn up. But turn up she did. I didn't see her arrive, but when Tom Jones announced she'd won she had to come all the way up through the room from the very back, and seeing as my table was just at the foot of the stage by the only steps up, she had to brush right past me. I was but feet away. I resisted the urge to touch her or shout out how much I love her - I'm a fortysomething year-old man, after all - and I'm very rarely starstruck, but that was one of those moments.
We respond this way because we were created by God to worship to him. But that purpose in us has been distorted by sin, so instead of being drawn to God above everything else, we are distracted by the many false gods given us by our culture.
I got home exhausted by the pain but knew some hoovering needed doing. Did it quickly. I cried after because everything was hurting. I hate being like this. I just want to be normal.
Joel’s been running behind his daughter’s bicycle teaching her to ride. Even a small children can ride faster and longer than dads can run. On the other end of the phone I smiled and bobbed my head as if Joel could see. Been there done that.
This seems like a good place to stop this post – more about the fate of the Lancashire cotton industry is to follow in later posts…
Great Post!
How can you claim to live for the purpose of God in your life yet all you care about is yourself and what you can get from life, yes life is meant to be enjoyed and lived, but with God being the centre focus of all we do and aim for in life. Surely God has to take preference in your life. When we focus and ask God to show us what He wants for us, He is glorified. I know many will say and feel that it is unfair and even boring to live for God, there was a time for me when it was frustrating to consider God first whenever I wanted to do something for myself but it becomes easier. Especially the more you understand and believe that God always prospers us and that every decision that comes from Him is good and will never fail. One thing is certain, if we are born again believers, we should not be selfish and want to live for ourselves. we see in the cross how Jesus died for the whole world, Jesus sacrificed His life so that we could gain life and true life in Him. Think about your spouse or your kids, you have to consider where you are going with your future and every decision has to include them and not just what you want. The best way to know that you are not just considering yourself and being selfish, is to go to God for your advise, seek His Word, spend time reading the Bible and let Him confirm the decisions you need to make. For many of us, this can become tiresome, but don’t you want to prosper?, don’t you want to make the right decisions?, you can bet your life on the advise Jesus gives you.
Tonight we're off to a bonfire party :) I love it all, the sights, the smells, the treacle toffee and melted marshmallows, but fireworks still frighten me from a safety point of view. At least the dog is getting deaf as he gets older so the loud bangs don't bother him so much.
1 pleasant
I've now got a Sweetwater Festival 2010 in the cellar, also the last of the Sierra Nevada 30th Anniversary Ales.
With the intelligence, wisdom, and freedom of choice given to us as humans, we exercise the discipline to plant in spite of the rocks, weeds, or other obstacles before us. The rocks, weeds, and thorns of the world cannot destroy all your seeds if you plant massively enough and intelligently enough. My suggestion is to choose action, not rest. Choose truth, not fantasy. Choose a smile, not a frown. Choose love, not animosity. Choose the good in life in all things, and choose the opportunity as well as the chance to work when springtime smiles on your life.
“Yes, they’ve been there for centuries, maybe millennia, the truth of their existence dismissed by mainstream science. A world parallel to our own…”
Probably it's too late to apologize for that, right?)
So I finally hung them up. (does it take any one else 6 months to complete an incredibly simple project, or is that just a me thing?)
So where does this leave us? Simple, the love of neighbour that God commands us too, is shown through our hospitality so, I guess truly it is a theological argument, because to love God we must love our neighbours as ourselves…
That’s when I first leafed through the book. And to my huge surprise, I saw this article listed as #1 of 500. (see below)
*Coffee break again*
You can geotarget your posts, as well, either by state or down to the city. It's an option in the drop down box under public. You can get a huge increase in fans when you do a promotion. How do you keep them engaged after that ends until the next one comes around?
+ what are you planting & growing in your garden? please share!
So Liberals have no trouble stepping into a fight even as we realize that we might be end up being played for chumps for leading with our hearts.
“Refurbishment of the airport has been ongoing in a piecemeal fashion in order to tackle the most urgently required minor changes,” he said. “But, I’m pleased to say that CIAA is finally poised to embark on the bulk of planned changes which have been in the pipeline since 2007. They will allow newer and bigger jets to fly into Grand Cayman, spurring air passenger growth from the current 950,000 annually to a projected 1.25 million a year.”
You can shoot five Bin Ladens, you can save 10,000 banks and 20 car companies, even pass the most sweeping legislation in modern American history; if people don’t think that you are connected to their lives and are fighting for their interests they will vote your tush out of office in a nano-second. For historical reference see Winston Churchill election of 1945 and President George H.W. Bush in 1992.
Legislative Status
THE UNLADYLIKE EDUCATION OF AGATHA TREMAIN by Stephanie Burgis
Oh, and what about the woman who's filming?! Isn't she going to stop that beast? Wow, she must be punished as bad as the mother, since she's not doing anything against her. And then there is that little girl. She just stands there like it's normal. That means that this has happened before and it really is normal to her. Poor thing..
Does your AS child love organization? Mine does.
So in that sense, my drop-dead date is December 19th.
The book narrates the story of police inspector Sartaj Singh and underworld mafia and through them the writer has brought in a picture of contemporary India, its politics, working of police and intelligence agencies, connections between police, Bollywood and underworld, religious terrorism, nuclear threats and how this all affects day-to-day life of common people. The book is also about dreams of common people who may get into underworld or police or Bollywood and how they fight for their aspirations.
Like cereal. I became an oatmeal girl for the last 3 or so years after 3 years of daily cereal-with-banana-on-top-breakfasts. Ever since I have only had cereal a handful of times. Until this past week. I don’t think I will convert back, but there is just something so comforting about a huge bowl of hearty cereal with a banana sliced up on top, drowning in So Good soy. Takes me back to my childhood . . . or maybe exams just bring out the worst in me.
Rose-bloom fell on her hands, together prest,
During the surgery the guy codes on the table. April, who’s working with Callie on the hand, is right there when Cardio is paged. Cristina who arrives first, tells April to start the procedure because she needs to get dressed. When Teddy arrives April is doing the surgery under supervision of Cristina. Teddy is surprised and asks Cristina why she isn’t the one who’s cutting. She is confused: If she cuts she’s in trouble, if she doesn’t she’s in trouble. Teddy tells Cristina to make a list Cristina needs to make a list of all the surgeries she wants to perform and Teddy will see if she can get them for her because what she witnessed in that OR was exactly what she wanted. Cristina is good, there is no denying that, but she would have fought to do that surgery just a couple of weeks ago and now she allowed April to do it. April, the girl she doesn’t even like. Teddy tells her that she put the patient before herself even though she is still just as brilliant as she always was.
Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh: Jeep Safari Tour in Ladakh tour is very beneficial especially when you will explore the icy fields of Ladakh. July to October are the best months to experience this kind of adventure and this tour involves you trekking around the Suru Valley, Zanskar and many more. Another great destination that this tour would lead you to is the Karsha that is an amazing and well celebrated monastery. This is really one pleasant experience for most passionate trekkers. Jeep Safari in Ladakh is perfect to be experienced with traveling families as well.
I love orange ~ such a happy colour, and so much more sophisticated than perhaps it's given credit for. It works so well against so many other colours...I love to see it paired with pewter grey hues.
1707 A.D was the period of revival of high caste Hindu Nationalism and British, were invited by the propertied class of High Caste Hindus to subvert Mughal Rule in India. It was agreed that when British depart from the Indian Sub-continent, the mantle of power will be passed on to the propertied High Caste Hindus, who would resurrect the Unified India of Ram Rajya era. Elimination of Pakistan as a State is compatible with the ideals of Hindu Nationalism.
Next I will explore ways spirit communicate with us externally and the nature of Carl Jung’s ‘synchronicity’.
Paper Plus' Group Marketing Manager, Lyle Hastings says he has been astounded by the success of the books and is committed to getting as many books out to those fans that cannot get them from their local public library.
Issue One:
Solving problems of their friends
With Modern trade contributing to 20% of FMCG retail consumption in the major metros and tier-1 cities of India, now more and more consumers are scanning your products. The Indian consumers love going to malls and the consumers find the “product talking” at the store more relevant. With these changing dynamics in India, packaging is going to play a major role in the future.
Sorry, I forgot to post yesterday. Sometimes life is busy and you are tired and things just don’t happen. My little family have been on a short break, drove 2 and bit hours to the town of Echuca along the Murray River. So please enjoy some of my favourite images of our trip.
Card: SU Soft Suede, NQN, Very Vanilla and Websters Pages for the background
(As far as the brewing went, throughout the boil he hopped it with Styrian, Nugget, Chinook, East Kent Golding and Fuggles, finishing it off with Cascade.)
Our baby had his first birthday today and was forced to pretend-blow out (not that he can blow out anything at this point) a Christmas candle. Yes, years from now, Jack will look back at pictures from his first birthday and see his mom standing with his cake on one side and his dad with a short, fat, candy cane-striped candle (with sparkles, no less) on the other.
Don’t get caught in the trap of always trying to please a narcissist. Also protect your sensitivity. Refrain from confiding your deepest feelings to someone who won’t cherish them.
Yes, it's true. True-ish anyway. Don't burst a guy's bubble, just go with it.
Book provided by Library Thing. (Early Reviewers)
Tonight... my children, who go to bed relatively easily on most nights (probably because our summertime schedule is exhausting) had issues. Tonight, Mark wondered if he could stay up and keep me company. The answer is, "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to relax and be alone." Translated into "No, Mommy is very tired and wants to watch The Real Housewives of New Jersey that she has recorded since Daddy is way above such trivial nonsensical television viewing." Zachary's comforter was in Mark's room downstairs, so I tried to pull off a switch-a-roo and put a crocheted blanket his Auntie Sarah had given him when he was born to cover him. He was NOT amused and cried "But, Mommy, it has holes in it!" So I threw a sheet on him and said I'd bring up his comforter. Ben, he sobbed, because "I want a sheet that isn't cut!!" Do you want to venture a guess into why his sheet might be cut? Because he cut it with scissors. And yet, it warranted huge tears and breathless sobbing. Make a note, that Eric had no issues, other than requesting an extra hug. He's so, so big and wonderful!
Billy Kelly – Coney Island Washboard
booming mistral, more tesselated than
Trent Lane Depot, Nottingham
I didn’t set homework, but suggested that everyone should try and write something by the end of the course to share with the group. The suggested length was 1,500 words. Some wrote picture books, others started YA and MG novels. One started writing a novel while she was doing the course - she’d reached 21,000 words by week ten. Someone else wrote a non-fiction picture book. I have to admit that I was full of pride at the excellence of their creations, even though I wasn’t sure how much I’d contributed to them. My students were so enthusiastic that they’ve set up a writing group to continue their efforts – we’re meeting up for the first time this week.
2) RUDE FUCKER, cheepet -_____-
Patriots day. Warsaw uprising day. Waco Day. Oklahoma City Day.
31Then Joshua and all Israel with him went on from Libnah to Lachish, and took up their position against it and made an attack on it,
I normally wouldn't post again about dragons so soon after just finishing a page. But this was a milestone that I'm just so excited about and wanted to share.
Now, the posting schedule for the week is going to be a bit strange... Tonight and tomorrow I'll be posting the final 5 reviews from last week. Come Friday, I'll post reviews for, at the very least, Avengers vs X-Men #4 and Vs #2. I wish I could get those two reviews up sooner, but alas, work and my crazy schedule preclude that from occurring. Later on today, I intend on posting a bunch of scans from the comics I read last week... So yeah, lots of stuff coming up this week. Until then though, Vampire X out.
It is even more profound with salvation by grace. It is true that the Lord shed His blood nearly 2,000 years ago but it is not until you accept that payment for your sin that you are saved. Then in the twinkling of an eye something happens. God had to wait for you to be ready and believe.
Gregg J. Froehner, 46, Chester, N.J.
(the senior pastor of the City Gates church, standing in front of the site of the collapsed building)
This link would allow him to play with a freedom he enjoyed at Everton and with Scotland, utilising his eye for a pass, ability to create goals in big moments and a keen work ethic.
Needless to say I haven't actually seen Top Gear's "Three Wise Men", and being a Christmas special I expect it'll air here between Easter and late June, but it has already made some news here. And it's all thanks to James May, a rock, a few square yards of black cloth, and bloody Anjem "Is-It-'Coz-I-Is-Slamic" Choudary. It seems that James May brained himself with a rock somehow and that when he came out of hospital, for reasons I don't pretend to understand, this was what he was faced with.
I have a feeling this is going to come back to haunt me next Christmas where my brothers will decide to lock me in a room with a non-stop stop-motion-athon that they have set up to play on the television from which I will be unable to escape….
Isn't she a cutie!!! I used the double dutch fold to make this card! Here is the ingredients I used to make this card! TFL!
What then is faith?
When we first walked in, we tried all the light switches and none of them would go on. Actually NOTHING in the room had power. We looked around, trying to figure out what was up. My brother finally realized that right inside the door, there was a slot that looked like your room key went into, so we put tried it out and BANG instantly everything had power. Very interesting concept as well as very creative! You can never leave anything on in your room because it requires your key to be in the slot in order to power the room.
He was replaced by Jeff Beck, ushering in a much more creative era for the band. This is when the band began moving in more jazzy and psychedelic directions. It's my favorite era of the band. Soon, Jimmy Page joined - as the bass player - but soon moved to guitar. And then, Jeff was canned. Page's version of the band was pretty cool, but pretty much overshadowed by what he turned the band into - The New Yardbirds, later known as Led Zeppelin.
Their spiel went like this: ”Have you noticed how everything seems a little impersonal nowadays? We’ve all become user names, reference numbers and IP addresses.
Organised sea swims are becoming increasingly popular in Cayman, as evidenced in the record number of people – 700- who participated in last year’s one-mile Flowers Sea Swim along Seven Mile Beach in Grand Cayman.
~ It's better to Velcro/Duct Tape/Krazy Glue your kids to their bedroom wall for the summer so that your sanity will stay in tact.
Evidence retention issues are a red-headed stepchild to begin with. Labworkers see it as beneath them, and a hassle; district clerks are often ill-equipped for the job; and historically the evidence room is where police departments assign either the disabled or sometimes problem officers who can't be trusted on the street. Charley Wilkison of CLEAT has boasted to me that quite a few local police associations have been organized out of the evidence room because disciplined officers assigned there decided to unionize. The professionalization of evidence retention has only really begun in the last decade or two and only in the largest departments (of necessity). Wrote Johnson:
It is expected that Iran will make an independent announcement on how it will address these issues.
Cross it off the bucket list, baby. Go to the airport for no reason at all -- done.
If we were conspiracy theorists we’d wonder why the Peru government waited almost five months in revealing lab test results of the mass dolphin die-off of the northern coast of Peru?
Under interim manager Roberto Di Matteo, the Blues have accomplished the following seemingly impossible feats:
“They refused to perform the functions for which they were elected,” Ciampoli said before the press event. “As an elected official, you are supposed to vote and decide issues on their merits, not on unrelated matters that you want, to enrich yourselves, increase your political power and enhance your own districts and political chances. It’s an improper or illegal quid pro quo.”
Disc 2 - Let Me Go (Only available in 2CD Limited Edition)
To keep you amused, regarding yesterday's scarf challenge those of you who guessed Number 1 are the winners. She is Swiss and has waaay too much going on for a Parisian.
Now imagine shopping in the home of your most stylish friend. That's what it feels like to enter Les Gignettes (4, rue du Sabot, 75006) and browse the hand-picked items that include labels like Isabel Marant, Vanessa Bruno and Balenciaga alongside the very best of Zara and H&M. Housed in a super charming 17th century building, you'll also find framed art, home decor and some unopened cosmetics and perfumes at half price. (I scored a NARS lip gloss for 11 euros). Stop by on Saturdays and linger over mint tea or attend one of the regularly scheduled art openings. Details (and tempting photos) at LesGignettes.net.
Hello and welcome to my last post on Graduation cards. This is the third card, going to my niece who will be heading off to Junior High.....and it's a Peachy Grad card. I am entering this card into the Peachy Keen Stamps challenge. The challenge is to make a card using your own back ground.
The Santa Clause ... Hallmark Channel ... 6 PM
‘It is a better legacy than waving from cars and opening Parliament while wearing a heavy crown,’ he said.
Now you have some ground information about our living room evolution. Stop in tomorrow to see more of how she looks today and what's still on the books to be done. After that, we'll take a closer look at some of the objects that fill our space - and my soul, like these below.
Right then in the Kruta Yugam, before the Ramayana War and before the Bharata War, Ancient Indian Astronomers-Engineers-Scientists like Maya Danava, knew that the earth was a sphere. They knew how to get the circumference of the earth from its diameter. They knew that pi was approximately the square root of 10. They were seriously good at trigonometry and algebra.
The only logical solution is Jesus. As Jesus is living and eternal, He is the only logical choice for long lasting hope, joy and peace. Jesus can’t die again, so He can’t be lost. Jesus understands what you and I face each and every day, so He can have compassion. Jesus never sleeps so He can be watchful when we cannot. Everything Jesus said is right and true so He can be trusted. Jesus loves us so much that He is willing to call us ‘friend’, so He can be reliable and non-judgmental. How many of us can say that? How many of our friends and family can be relied on like that?
We marveled at our consanguinity.
Pink shimmer balls
I adore this shade of green. It has just enough blue and grey to make it soft and soothing. It makes me think of the beach for some reason. It isn't the color of the ocean but there is just something about it that takes me there. I love the mix of glitter in this polish, there seems to be quite a bit of blue mixed in. It's so sparkly and funky but there is a soft quality that I love (if that makes sense). =)
Also, he is heart-throbbin’ hunky.
Fairy Intrigue
Not only this but Breiviks mother whose opinion of her son was another part of the evaluation which was then spread around the world to reinforce the ‘official line’ of insane, is a co-conspirator. 3 weeks before trial it emerges that 5 years ago when she was claiming Breivik was insane she was actually washing $600,000 terrorist funding through her own bank accounts for her son with no questions asked (Breivik’s Achilles heel).
This is me with my brother and sister, and Nana and Pa. We hardly ever get photos together.I hate getting photos taken, and I’m sure Stevie was just wanting to go back to the bar!
Basically all you need to do is click on the thumbnail of one of my paintings (they have 10 up there more but we have many more designs in the works coming soon). Even though they only show the Square crop at first, be assured that the full versions of the artwork are on the products! From there you can select the type of device, and then the make & model of the device from the dropdown selection. Voila!
Last week, Kupros Bistro in Sacramento (I won't link to them for reasons soon to be obvious) got a keg of Pliney the Younger, the limited release from Russian River Brewing Company. Knowing that Beer Geeks go mad for this beer, Kupros decided to have a special event. For a $45 ticket, a beer lover would get one 12 oz pour of Pliny the Younger, one of their $14 burgers, and a buck off any other tap beer for the rest of the event. A lot of people complained that Russian River was price gouging.
The next hour or so is all a haze! I'm at the round table, in the toilet again, I think! I even vaguely recall myself dancing with Karen Carpenter to a Wham song!
He may not be in the picture but he is still there, travelling on ahead, making sure those metaphorical gates are still open for me.
Tra-la.
I very much disliked my doctor in Yakima. I went to him a couple days after the emergency room visit, and felt like he was not concerned about me, and wasn't taking my worries seriously (like I was overreacting to the obviously fine situation). Brian thinks I was too judgemental on the doctor, but I have assured him that it is my right to like my doctor, and feel like he is taking care of me and the baby. So bravely, (unlike my usual) I asked him to refer me to a specialist who deals with high risk pregnancy. He told me that everything was fine, and I didn't need it, but if it would make me feel better he could refer me. It did make me feel better.
3 - Bill Anderson - Still - 2:50
Me: (still smiling) it’s the word we use to say it goes around the sun.
As always, if you don't have a certain shape, feel free to substitute. For my original card I used a heart shape, but for this week's sample I went with a circle. The most important thing is to make the sketch work for you and to have fun!
BILLY BOB THORNTON (Sling Blade)
Author: Becky Wade
You’ve worked too hard to plant, weed and nurture your dreams to burn them down with negative words, leaving only a waste land of smoldering ashes. Determine today to EXCHANGE your NEGATIVE talk with POSITIVE words of life and blessing. In the words of Smokey the Bear, “Only You Can Prevent Forest Fires!”
But then the project is revealed a decade later, unexpectedly, in an exclusive interview with Artforum. All ten rooms have been installed, and their locations are made known, complete with an interactive map posted on artforum.com; one of the rooms, however, was demolished in 2011 when the building it was in was taken down (...or was it?, PhD students ask, writing term papers at Princeton).
And here are the finished pages for week 14. This was one of those weeks were I didn't take a ton of photos - good for quick pages but not so good for mom's conscience! Once again you can click to get a closer look. Sorry for the glare :)
Another load of carrots
Other - Fiskars Border Punch, Pearl Embellishments.
If you’re out of power for learning, you have to recall to your mind the reasons why you decided to start learning your target language! Intrinsic motivation is one of the keys to succeed. Extrinsic motivation is not a good incentive for doing something, because you would perform an activity in order to attain an outcome (external reward: money, recognition, relief from pressure, etc.).Instead, your motivation should be intrinsic, which means that you started learning your target language because you enjoy the task itself! Intrinsic motivation is based on your personal commitment to the activity of learning, rather than working towards a “reward”.
89. “Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.” – Lao Tzu
Seriously love this band. You can't go to a show of theirs and not have a good time. And if what they say is true it seems like I'll be seeing them (and The Bronx) sometime soon!!
DPs: Bo Bunny
As I strolled down Harbor Boulevard I noticed these pretty tiles
If I asked you who understood a country’s needs better, its residents and leaders or some foreign technocrat who had never been there, you might think that it was a trick question.
Not all of my greek yogurt creations have turned out though, just keepin' it real. Here's a picture of some crazy muffins I tried out in my blender using applesauce, oats, greek yogurt and cocoa powder among other strange ingredients. They were disgusting, but the picture was pretty cool... I'd hate for a pretty picture to go to waste.
“Same old things, Little Man. Same old things.”
I have a problem with televised debates. And at news shows where talking heads yell at each other. And talk shows where people yell at each other.
Mike says you can find anything to fit the things you left behind. All your favorite places can be filled with new favorites, but the people you leave, that's harder. "We miss the people," he says. "We'll always go back (to North Carolina) because of that." For now, he says it's more of a joy to discover new things in Kansas City. "It'll be a beautiful, new challenge."
Older than her years and completely alone, Temple is trying to live one day at a time in a post-apocalyptic world, where the undead roam endlessly, and the remnants of mankind seem, at times, to retain little humanity themselves.
“For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel” Isn’t it very clear just from this that the gospel that Paul preached didn’t include water baptism?
Cut on the diagonal into slices 1/2 inch thick, and serve with potatoes.
Even on a seperate note from this, I have noticed that I am a tad bit racist. Now I LOVE local nigerians. They are pretty cool, down to earth, always always always love the kids. But the ones who end up coming abroad to work/study/anything.
Or the forever echo of a lover's beckon
She is super excited about the Kid Rock concert that she and her fiance are attending in a few weeks. All the better reason to create a funky and fun outfit for her to show off in attendance!
2. The new album has a nice ‘live’ sound to it – how was it recorded?
I’ve been a sh!tty blog friend the last few months. I promise to comment more on your blogs – to show you the love and support that I feel for you and your journeys.
Racked: 02-02-2009
Well, then!
Korean Fried Chicken
Calling what these people engage in as an ‘argument’, would be like calling the Titanic a ‘wee little boat’.
It is my belief that the universe patiently awaits us saying a whole hearted "Yes" to our self. All the help we need is right here, welcoming our fullest joy. I believe that the universe conspires not against us, but in support of us. When we say "Yes" to ourselves, we find all the support we need to realize our dreams.
Before we had a chance to determine what had happened, she was more upset that her significant other might “find” a text like that and having to explain it might prove difficult.
Hi there! I'm so glad you stopped by today! I'm here with this month's DT Creative Challenge, and it's another fun one! We hope you'll play along with us!
This issue has been largely addressed in the selection of delegates section and also throughout the discussion of electronic participation and voting. It should be noted that any investments in technology should take into account the diverse needs surrounding accessibility.
When I got to the shop I could not find the list,but I remembered what I needed,so I thought.At the checkout I realised I had not got the pet food so went back to get it and picked up a big bag of cat food,I even looked at other cat food to make sure I was getting the best value for my money.
By almost any measure, it was clear that I could not tell what was enough. I didn’t trust my own body experience to tell me what I needed, wanted, or when I was ready to stop. I overworked, over-ate, over prepared, and over-thought just about everything in my life.
The largest streamer is said to be the father, the progressively smaller streamers, the male siblings of a family from oldest to youngest (represented by the smallest koi). If you see them hanging from a balcony or in front of a house, it means that family has boys.
Number eight hung on for the first day and the owner quickly made a deal with her. Amalia had chosen her rider. That did not mean that she would not throw her off on occasion, only that she liked her better than the others.
07-08 Dublin, Ireland – Phoenix Park
This artist is very, very talented.
Doesn't musty anymore.
My organised dining table is all clear (and tidy) waiting for the books to start the naming and covering process.
My daughter was supposed to fly home for Christmas. She was going to stay just a week, and then she and her brother were going to
This was churches task throughout the church age. They were to (faithfully) keep the doorway to heaven (i.e. rightly keep the teachings of the Bible).
God doesn’t give rules and conditions just to see how close we can come to obeying them. Nor does He have a set of rules for one and a different rule for another. If all aboard that ship were to be spared they had to do what God demanded of them. In other words there is no such thing as half a Christian.
As it turns out, my mother has some ideas on why not. Specifically, she is worried that the cord is wrapped around the baby's neck, and the baby won't turn because of this. To be fair, both my maternal grandmother and my mother's oldest sister lost full-term babies to cord issues, so my mother is particularly sensitive to this issue. On the other hand, um, thanks, mom. I really needed one more thing to worry about. I pointed out to her that the baby has already been head down once before, so this is likely NOT the problem. But you know mothers. . .they get inside your head. Of course, this same mother of mine has also suggested that a vaginal delivery of a transverse baby sounds dangerous to her. . .after I explained that c-sections are the only option for transverse babies. Argh. I know she means to be helpful, but this particular string of emails wasn't very helpful.
Quinn has a very high opinion of Mitchell, calling her “beyond reproach.” But in a 2007 appearance on The O’Reilly Factor, Mitchell told O’Reilly that there wasn’t a bias at any of the major broadcast networks and that she didn’t think Chris Matthews was a “liberal thinker.”
Full disclaimer: while I am trying to cook more healthily at home, I do not always stick to it when I dine out at the big-ticket restaurants. I am first and foremost a gluttonous foodie nerd, and if there is a steak tartare with crackers to be had by a chef I hugely admire, then so help me I will have it.
There are notable buildings: “The Powder House,” “The City Hall,” “The Prison,” “The Theatre.” Mr. Ratzer included detailed topography, with hills and woodlands near Kips Bay and Turtle Bay that have disappeared...
What if my greatest disappointments
Spring willow in the breeze. Teacher on a platform.
he opened his presents first. he said his favorite was his new tools!
I wanted to take a moment away from The Writers Voice to announce my book deal. (The picture above has nothing to do with my book other than the library thing.) Anyway, quick and sweet, here's a copy of what it said on Publishers Marketplace last Thursday and in Publishers Lunch tomorrow.
*uk Colourful = u.s. 'colorful'
In New York City, these splendid exemplars of pedagogy are banished to what’s called the “rubber room”, where they spend a workday collecting full pay, accumulated sick days (and since they are never absent, that’s a lot of sick days and vacation) and growing their tax-payer paid pensions for not teaching, for staying as far away from students as possible.
Seeing as I am not a first time vegetable grower, I can take huge quantities of optimism from freshly dug soil and the increasing daylight hours we are getting at the moment. But if you are a first time vegetable grower it can be difficult to generate such high hopes so early on. I think this is why a lot of people who take on allotments don't last even the first year. The first few months are a lot of hard work, the hardest work you will ever have to do on your plot and there is almost zero reward apart from dull, brown, soil. If it's going to be this hard, then why bother, especially when it comes to April and all it seems to do is rain, rain and well.. rain!
“There’s nothing the French court can do,” the lawyer-activist admitted.
So no more social system that just Trap Beings and Keep them contained with no actual option to expand – Thus with a Basic Income Grant (BIG) the amount must be based on a Dignified life that ensure the being is not subjected to Economic Slavery and have basic survival point taken care of.
And yet. I am acutely aware of the unique magic of this time, this pre-baby period when we still have no idea what we're in for. When all we can do is imagine what our son will look like, be like, become. When his every move is still like a little secret between the two of us. I may never be pregnant again – and, at any rate, will never be pregnant again with this baby – and I want to do everything I can to hold onto it in ways that I will appreciate later.
Note also that one of the three judges who will hear the case is a BYU alumni.
I think I will take a moment during it all and thank him. Thank him for watching over Sara and I guess, watching over me. His passing resulted in things I don't think he ever expected. He must be so proud of her. I imagine he is proud of me too.
The memo is crystal clear on that point. It says that the decision has been made based solely on the “risk profile presented to the President.” If any other risks – no matter how minute – arose, they were “to be brought back to the President for his consideration.” This is ludicrous. It is wiggle room. It was Obama’s way of carving out space for himself in case the mission went bad. If it did, he’d say that there were additional risks of which he hadn’t been informed; he’d been kept in the dark by his military leaders.
Main Image: Body(yellow) hand drawn, hand painted and doodled by me Nancy Baumiller, Wings/Face and Horns from Teesha Moore.com
Other Details:
very cheap, nice and sweet. and low calories
Oh no. No no non.
MOM: How many times have you seen this movie?
Observation: When we look at the early church community, it is easy to get lost in the altruism of the apostles and their ability to share all of their wealth. However, I think if we forget about the prosperity preaching that is all too prevalent in today’s world, we could preach about the fact that we need to get back to giving of our first fruits to God. This does not just include our paychecks, but if we started to get back to giving the first tenth of our paychecks to the church, maybe the other first fruits would start to be given as well. I know I am using the literal interpretation of the word “tithe” here, but I hope someone will correct me if I have incorrectly interpreted the scripture in any way here.
There are two modes of listening, either at the computer, or on a mobile device. Bizarrely, these companies charge more if you listen on a carry around device with a tinny sound rather than a big computer you can connect to stereo speakers and blast away your songs in all their sonic glory.
Hello and Happy Wednesday, which of course means that Julia is giving us all the opportunity to show our work space. If you have a minute, hop on over to see what everyone has been up to. Check out WOYWW-152, and keep in mind the ATC exchange is coming up soon. I need to let Julia know I'll be playing along. I'm thinking I can also use this card in Di's Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge. The purple paper pieces aren't snippets, but pretty much everything else was made from scraps of silver and white. The heart was also one I've had left over from a package I purchased years ago. I'll be more of a purist next time...I promise.
Trench Coat: Zara
As the next election approaches, it may be that we see a growing number of odd looking individuals lurking at the school gates, if so, you need not worry, they are only after your kid's vote!
We get asked many times by many different organisations and many different people what are the reasons for the English Defence Leagues existence? What are our goals, and aspirations?
An all time average of 117% and a today’s rate of 88% for large fleets perhaps provide one money trail found. The Intermodel Insurance Company reports that Noel Perry, managing director at consultant FTR Associates, Nashville, Ind., whose latest driver supply report gauged the shortage at 125,000 in the third quarter said, “We are almost certainly going to see an increase (in driver shortage).”
-Link project by July 31st to this post only
Stuff designed to help the Obamorg collective and hurt individual liberty.
“It was a terrible year for right whale calves,” says Tony LaCasse, a spokesman for the New England Aquarium, a leader in right whale research.
engraved on the front and the date of her dedication service on the back.
I hope all rulers will be like (his older brother) Tuanku Pahang who goes to the ground especially when the rakyat is facing an emergency. If all rulers can play this role, it’s very good for the country because the rakyat will see they have a last resort.
For stability
As Malaysians, we love and respect our Sultan and Raja.
With our stomachs swilling with BN, it was decided nothing would sate our hunger like a session at Chez Denise. Somewhat full from the bread and saucisson I'd been munching at Le Garde Robe, I sat at our table, with its red-and-white checked tablecloth - and scanned the menu for something 'light'. I may as well have been looking for something non-fattening in a patisserie. Chez Denise is renowned for its meaty menu. Meals come in three varieties: meaty, extra-meaty and heart-stopping. My initial instinct was to go with Coq Au Vin - the closest thing on the menu to a salad. But when one of my dinner companions asked if I would share a cote de boeuf, I heard the words "I'd love to" spilling from my lips. I blame the wine.
Part of the theory is simple - the beer is brewed as normal. Before racking, all of the yeast and sediment is extracted from the beer. The beer is then racked, and yeast beads are put in each barrel. So in the barrel is beer, and yeast. The yeast beads are heavy, and therefore the beer is constantly clear - no little particles forming hazy beer are available.
In the second version there, I left out one argument that I discussed the first time. Between saying that he doesn’t believe in God by choice, and saying that the atheological evidentialist objector may regard the theist-without-evidence as sick or malfunctioning, Plantinga argues that there is not a general obligation to have evidence for everything you believe, thus:
We went there for the Guinness soaked lamb and cheddar sliders. They are so fucking fantastic that I, with my rather superfluous vocabulary, can't find a word that would do them justice. Scrumptious would be close, I guess.
Take a look at Our Daily Bread design's new set, "Nest." The set includes this lovely nest and egg image, as well as two sentiments and one Bible verse: Luke 9:58 "Birds of the air have nests, but the Son of Man has no place to lay his head."
6 points = depending on how good was his speech
Boy, did I have a way of playing up my guild. Sometimes I wonder if I should have gone into a career in advertisement.
The new iPhone also contains Qualcomm Gobi Baseband chips that allow it to operate on both GSM and CDMA networks. We can’t yet confirm or deny the rumors that Apple was building a virtual SIM card system or if it has an NFC chip yet, however.
Vessels returning information to the US had to reach the American colonies faster than the British could. To move information and spies back and forth across the Atlantic, America used a class of ships known as “packet ships,” the earliest examples of which were modeled after small, fast mail ships.
Yours stand out so grand.
Nelle Whipple, and Thomas Walling, each half a share. Inhabitants wanting, to
There was once about 20 huge boxes and crates, there are now only eight:
Of course the boy in question was quick to offer to throw said note away and the girls-in-the-know were quickly spreading word of the contents of said notes between giggles while the boy tried his best to shred all evidence over the recycling bin.
Empower yourself by breaking bad habits and starting healthy new ones. I started my cleanse as soon as I got back. Start by removing the inflammatory foods that contribute to obesity, diabetes, high blood pressure, cholesterol, IBS, thyroid disorders, joint pain and acid reflux just to name a few. Inflammatory foods include dairy, gluten, soy, alcohol, artificial sweeteners (except xylitol and stevia), sugar (which is as addicting as cocaine) and processed or boxed foods. Eat like caveman or cavewoman, which means more vegetables, low glycemic fruits (berries), lean, unprocessed meats, and high fiber, low glycemic whole grains such as quinoa and roasted sweet potatoes. Or if you want to be really strict paleo, don’t eat grains or beans, just starchy veggies. Shop the perimeter of the store and stay out of the “diet aisle”! It’s all processed and high in sugar! Have you looked at the label? Sugar is usually the first ingredient! Ugh!! I know what you are thinking…”But Brandi, it’s fat free and only 100 calories.” Yes, but when you eat the whole box, like I have done because it’s “diet food” and easy to do, it’s now 600 calories and leaves you craving more. Remember: sugar is like crack!! They just confirmed that on 60 minutes a couple of weeks ago. Your body actually needs healthy fats for good health and to feel satiated. If your meals include protein, fiber & a little fat, you will control your blood sugar better, feel satisfied longer, and not need to snack on junk. It’s amazing how great you feel when you eat healthy, balanced meals such as grilled chicken with quinoa and roasted vegetables. And if you like to eat out, Piatti’s and Chow in Danville and Lark Creek in Walnut Creek offer healthy options so it’s easy to keep it clean and not sound high maintenance when you order. When there’s no time to eat a whole foods meal, drink a tasty, satisfying, balanced shake!
Thank YOU, Kendall!
but this year, it rained.
Can’t we all just get along, people!?!?! Don’t you see that we are ALL correct?!?! That there is no right and wrong? We’re in this TOGETHER and if we don’t stick together then where the hell does that leave us?
Third: if nothing is wrong with me, what the hell is wrong with these other people? I mean, do they go around professing their love to every person they’ve dated for 3 months? I know I said I believed in Common’s ‘it don’t take a whole day to recognize sunshine’ statement… But sometimes it might take more than 3 months……….. no?
…Pentecostal monk (!) Jim Thomber’s blog is called Thinking Out Loud, which I think is rather great name for a blog! This appeared a few weeks ago under the title, Nothing Is Wasted.
And more importantly, how many drinks and what kind did you have at Cheesecake factory?
Let the fun continue, chickens. And good luck getting back out there.
There were villages all along the route, sometimes announced by no more than a trail leading off from the main road. I stopped at a really pretty village tank to stretch a bit and have a juice. It was 7:45am and I’d come about 40k, which wasn’t bad.
We had exactly the same thought ourselves, shortly before we blacked out.
I figured I would kick off the ICD tutorial series with a project I've been wanting to make for quite some time. I first saw this tutorial a year ago over at One Pearl Button and have been dying to make these for my nieces ever since.
18And there were voices, and thunders, and lightnings; and there was a great earthquake, such as was not since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great.
A note about the arrowroot powder... This is used to thicken the soup. I don't use cornstarch as I can't find an organic source and I am concerned about GMO's. You can certainly use cornstarch if you prefer but you probably will only need 1-2 tsp.
Well, there's a band called HORRID that plays Swedish death metal since 1990. Maybe they have never written a true masterpiece but they've stayed true since the beginning, and they're still active. Then we have ERODED (not to be confused with the German ERODED), which are really great. Their only two demos have been reprinted on CD and they're currently preparing a full-length record. PROFANAL must be mentioned as well, they're sweadeath-like and Dark Descent itself has just released their brand new split 7"! Furthermore, there are of course other killer, non-swedeath bands out there in Italy, but the main problem is not the lack of bands. The problem is, indeed, the organization and support a scene should have to be healthy.
Yes, here is yet another Buddy Fite posting, a guitarist with very few recordings but a great sound. I've become a bit focused on collecting all of his meager number of LP's so I had to find this album, even though I knew that 6 of the 9 tracks were repeats of tracks from other albums. As noted earlier on this site, from what I can tell, Buddy only has six LP's as a leader, and of those, only one, "Buddy Fite & Friend", is free of any repeat tracks. So I went ahead and ripped the whole album here, even though only three tracks appear to be unique. Right off the bat I was shocked to hear a vocalist anchoring the first tune, "I Feel The Earth Move". I will say that the singer here does a nice job with earthy, David Clayton Thomas type vocals over a nice bluesy/jazz combo setting where Buddy takes a one minute solo in the middle. Nice enough and definitely different from anything I've heard on any of his other albums, but I have to say I was disappointed to hear something that didn't just feature Buddy throughout. With so few recordings to enjoy, I just want to hear the man play his guitar. Moving into the next few tracks on side one we get back to featuring Buddy, but this whole side is pretty different too in that it concentrates on the bluesy side of Buddy. Each of these three songs offers a different accompanist soloing on saxophone, flute and finally a nice organ over spirited scatting. All very nicely done, all very much in a combo setting, but unfortunately there is no mention of the personnel on the cover. In fact, the recording itself is noticeably of relative poor quality with inconsistencies in the integrity of the sound, volume variations at a few moments, etc. Not terrible, but I guess there's a reason why this seems to be the scarcest of the Fite LP's. Then again, as always, there really is some "tasty" guitar playing throughout. Side 2 opens with what made me completely satisfied that I sprung for a considerable sum to acquire this piece of vinyl. The tune is "Love's Been Good To Me" and Buddy's treatment is creative, unique and very pretty. Along with the opening song on side 1 and Satin Doll, this makes up the three unique tunes for this album. Satin Doll is also very nicely done in an up tempo mode. So for anyone else that has become enamored with Buddy's bright and masterful craft work, I hope you'll enjoy this small dose of new material.While each is indeed a hit with me to varying degrees, it just hurts that only three cuts are additive to the collection. But as hoped, the hits outweigh the hurts mightily...enjoy!
Sylvia Day creates a steamy novel in The Stranger I Married.
I recently got to try some Farm Rich Mozzarella Bites. Farm Rich offers a wide selection of easy to make snacks and I received a coupon to try one of their products for free! I picked the Mozzarella Bites because I love cheese sticks! Let me say that these bites did not disappoint!
This is pretty straightforward, save for the fact that I prefer a gas stove to a meths stove when I’m cycling as my diet can be more varied than dehydrated backpacker food. I tend to buy my food on the road every day and get a bit more creative due to the wider variety of ingredients on offer. Having a stove that you can adjust is a great help when softening onions and garlic!
Both appeared in The Dumfries and District Music Festival (Speech section) yesterday. The Poetry was a little emotional, as it was a big class and T1 and T2 took 1st and 2nd.
It’s clear enough that any alternative publishing model will likely be internet-based, with interactive components possibly similar to Math Overflow or blog comment sections. It has also been noted that women have significantly less visible presence on MO than they do in research mathematics overall. One might ask, therefore, whether switching to an internet forum-based model of publishing could have the side effect of alienating women mathematicians and driving them out of the field.
Number 4 on the list is variety. It’s the “spice of life”, as the saying goes. What I’m talking about here is adding variety to your workouts and therefore adding change and challenge too. Henry Ford puts it nicely: “If you always do what you’ve always done, you’ll always get what you’ve always got”. So, in my fitness and Pilates classes for new mums for example, I provide options and levels, and every week there’s something different eg we’re not doing the same exercises week in week out. If you’re not doing a structured exercise class like mine, then don’t worry. There could be ways for you to change and mix things up on your daily buggy walks. Do you always take the same route, for example? Are there any hills that you could walk up and down instead, that so far, you’ve been avoiding? Could you do the route to the shops and back in the opposite direction? If you’re serious about seeing some changes in your body shape and fitness level, doing slow, continuous-paced exercise eg a slow 30 minute walk, is not going to provide your heart and lungs with that much of a challenge. So, why not walk slowly for 1 minute, and pick up the pace for 2 minutes, so you’ve got an active work and an active rest phase. This is called “interval training” and it’s much more effective at burning fat and increasing your fitness level, than plodding along at the same speed for 30 minutes.
Ashlynn Conner, a 10 year-old from Ridge Farm, Illinios, took her own life on Friday, November 11th. Ashlynn had been experiencing teasing and bullying for two years, being called "pretty boy" (after cutting her hair short), "slut," "ugly," and "fat." When she went to teachers for help, they told her stop tattling.
The day the democrats took over was not January 22nd 2009, it was actually January 3, 2007, the day the Democrats took over the House of Representatives and the Senate, at the very start of the 110th Congress.
I think it is fair to say that humanity has reached a time in their development where we desperately need a change in our thinking, or philosophy of life, if we are going to continue to both survive and evolve as a society. It is not so simple as to say we need to start doing this or quit doing that, no that is not deep enough into the realm of critical thinking when looking at it. It is not just a matter of changing a few physical actions, that is far too simplistic and would not matter, it instead is a matter of changing the entire way we think, the things we value, the things we place importance on. I am not saying that I have the answer to this problem because to be honest, I do not. I think I can identify more about what must be changed than I can how to change it, but that’s a start……
Rather than pulling traffic away from my site, both of these projects have brought me more followers and interest simply because they're spreading the word further and father about free motion quilting than I could alone.
Taj Complete Adventitious 1
The case is being managed by Managing Judge of the Kuala Lumpur High Court Commercial Division Tan Sri Md Raus Sharif, who is also a Federal Court Judge.
But ANYWAY, as far as YOU go, Aimee (OH NO, look out, AIMEE is pissed at me – watch out or she might write an angsty mid-tempo acoustic guitar ballad about me and take me down a few pegs with her bitter understated irony!), you go right on ahead and find yourself a nice comfy place down in Razor Hill. Keep an eye on the kids down there while you’re at it, that should be a job you can stay on top of no problem. In the meantime we orcs and tauren will take care of the real job of defending Orgrimmar, Corpsey McBoneyknees.
They performed many songs from both, Insurgentes and Grace For Drowning albums, including the 23 minutes long Raider II, Abandoner, No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun, Harmony Korine, Postcard, and my Grace For Drowning favourite, Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye. Also a brand new track entitled Luminol. As for the first encore they played Get All You Deserve wearing these really cool masks. And for the second encore, Steven came back alone to have a little chat with the crowd and perform Lazarus and Trains to leave me even more euphoric and in a state of disbelief.
Though I hate writing in rhymes,
4) Homemade cooking – nothing says love like taking the time and effort to cook a special meal for your loved ones. If cooking isn’t really a skill you possess then try making something simple…find an easy cookie or cupcake recipe on the Internet. You could wrap them up in a festive tin with a big red ribbon on it…and your loved one will appreciate the effort knowing you’re not exactly the world’s greatest chef…now that’s love!
There are now three cities where you can get an amazing deal on AccuRev Certified Scrum User Training.
(and it looks ready)
Our constitutional monarchy is not, as republicans believe, on an interminable slide towards inevitable extinction; things have actually, apathetically perhaps, been on the up since the horrendous decade of darkness. The ten years that gave us Annus Horribilis, the spastic aftermath of the death of Diana and the constitutional shockwaves from Australia's attempt to secede from the Union, was not a decade in which we can look back with undiluted pleasure. Heck, even Windsor Castle almost burnt down.
Next were the layers...more batting, muslin and the chosen fabric. Careful planning for how the fabric pattern would land on this cornice was a must. The pattern appears very geometric but is in fact a more random, loose, hand done design, making this step very important. We made sure that both valences had the same pattern at the center point so that even though they are different sizes, the pattern placement is the same.
I ripped the notice down and used it to wipe the sand from my feet. And then a thought struck. A horrible, no-good, bad thought. The newspaper. They published my name with each intent to foreclose. That meant others would know where I was. Others, as in people I owed. Bad people.
How about a class named Smoking 101?
a holy of holies
The recruiting strategy has caused some tension in RCMP ranks. Some long-serving Mounties privately say they don't feel that race and gender should be major parts of the hiring equation – they argue jobs should be given on merit only, and that being a police officer remains a physical job.
DW: Some of the criticism I have seen from people on the Internet is, “If this group is so vast and so powerful to fight this cabal, why is Benjamin Fulford the only one talking about this?”
M was really excited. Seemingly this is what we've been pushing for.. And it's apparently going to be confusing and unsettling for a while until I learn to sit with my emotions and sort through them rather than run away from them.
Damn it!
Combine the zest, juice, sugar and chopped butter in a 1L microwaveable bowl (lid required). Add 2 eggs to this mixture and whisk together. Cover and microwave and high (800 watts) for 3 minutes, whisking every minute. Chill to thicken; roughly 2 - 3 hours. Once lemon curd has thickened completely, you can begin to assemble the filled friands. Take a friand, cut it in half (horizontially) and spread a thick layer of lemon curd on one of the insides of the friand. Sprinkle flaked almonds on top of this lemon curd layer. Replace the top of the friand over this filling. Continue until all friands are filled.
And finally you will need a sewing machine.
You can get some real bargains including free books, how good is that!
The prologue hooked me from the very beginning, after I read those two short page I was like, "WOW! I really have to do some intense reading like now!" The quote that really had me very intrigued was "My name is Mia Price, and I'm a human lightening rod. Do they make a support group for that? They should, and let me tell you why. My name is Mia Price, and I'm a lightening addict!" This prologue sets the tone for the whole book.
There are poor beers of course but there are more classics and Great Beers than you can shake a stick at, they are held in such mighty reverence across the pond too
Several other words relate to singing unto the Lord. Another means to commend the Lord.
Ian F : With the upcoming Geek Fest Film known as The Avengers coming in little over 2 weeks to North America (rest of the world gets it sooner, curse them . .) How are you preparing to come down from the AWESOME HIGH that will be experiencing that movie? or are you prepared at all?
That is explained in the Caitanya-caritāmṛta,
3. Angles, angles, angles: That makes all the difference in the world. Experiment from all angles. Shooting a group? Take the photo from above their level. Shooting one or two? Get down on their level.
(the tree had little ropes around it with mini foot-sized coconut shells wrapped around them. It was surprisingly sturdy and pretty easily to scale up).
Keep it in the Safe: A place to store and keep valuables.
"Then we should get Dora away from it before it notices." Swirls of gently displaced air in Taslin's wake shimmered in rainbow colours as she moved around the fire to where Dora lay, deeply and peacefully asleep. "Can you wake her without alarming her?"
We follow Tim Robins over to my favorite baseball movie, Bull Durham. Bull Durham is officially labeled a romantic comedy because of the love triangle between the three main characters, but do not let that fool you. The real romance here is the love of baseball. If you have anything less than a religious devotion for the mystique of the game, most of Bull Durham’s appeal will be bewildering to you.
Here are some outdoor spaces from my Pinterest Board to get you inspired....
Frammartino uses abrupt cuts and surprising vantage points — one minute a bird’s eye view of the village, the next a goat kid being born — and prevents you from feeling comfortable all the while. You’re never quite sure what’s going on, and the lack of dialogue forces you to scrutinize the scenes all the more closely. A long, long shot of a mountaintop or a tree makes you wonder — what am I supposed to see here?
Please check out the Karen's Doodles US challenge blog for a fabulous sketch you can combine with this Stamp Something challenge! How's that for a 2 for 1!!!!
Are you ready for our first monthly challenge?? We already announced that the theme is SOUL. I have made an example, which is the first one linked. Your art can be any media, any size, as long as it has the theme of SOUL. Submit your link by January 31. After that date, we will post all of the entries, along with a poll for you to vote for your favorite. The one with the most votes will be the winner and that person will receive a special prize. The prize is BlackPumpkin's doodled calendar! So go ahead and link your artworks!
Spotted on the front row were Jameela Jamil, Jodie Harsh, and Michelle Keegan of Coronation Street fame, looking surprisingly fantastic in a graphic printed Andrew Majtenyi frock. I do admit I'm the world's worst celebrity spotter though, so I could have seen lots more celebs and just not noticed....
I will always undo
But you know what? Although I would NEVER tell that student this, it was essentially because of her absolutely horrible and nasty and hateful tweets about me that really got under my skin that made me take the first step. I stopped looking in the mirror saying I couldn't do it. I stopped saying I wouldn't do it. And I haven't looked back since January 17th.
They will feel they are being torn apart and they
“Our goals at Bank Street Brewhouse have not changed: We will continue to focus on growth, quality, and consistency with Chef Matthew Weirich, Sous Chef Bernie Collier and staff. You can look forward to many good things to come from your local brewery and downtown dining emporium.”
Kitchen gadgets are always a fun purchase and there are tons of do-dads out there for just about any job. There are a lot of these items that are a one and done type of product, where you use it once and then it goes back in the gadget drawer or cabinet, not to be used or seen again for quite a while!
Charles Barber’s story (to the best of my knowledge): In the late 1800s, the Connecticut River was used by logging companies to move cut trees to Massachusetts and Connecticut. This required men to get in the water with the logs, and fatal accidents were common. Most bodies went unrecovered due to the currents and the mass of logs in the water. However, the ghost of Sumner's Falls is said to be that Charles Barber, a young man who drowned in the river with the logs at the age of nineteen.
Anyone who can sell the idea of Liberty to a non-believer and create a True Believer will do more for the cause of freedom than any marksmanship instructor or small group leader. In our world where "relativism" makes Tyranny no better or worse than Liberty it is an extreme position to say that there IS a right and wrong, and that there IS a good and an evil, and that it is GOOD to fight against EVIL. It isn't a thousand or a million trained riflemen that make Tyrants fear the night. It is the thought that there are True Believers who oppose, who will not "be reasonable" who will not "talk it out" who will not "compromise" who will not waiver in their faith and course. Faith gives rise to action, it must, or it is not faith.
I'm packing up my stuff and heading out of town this weekend, doing some wedding photography in Carmel.
Her Dr told me to box up her belonging to show her what it is like to have nothing, and to see what it feels like to have your things taken away. This sent her into a violent raging fit.
I repost this June 2010 FAIR article to illustrate the hypocrisy,
11/12/2010 BUY 0.02 xauusd 1389.74 12/03/2010 1395.73 +11.80
Coriander leaves/Cilantro – Few Sprigs
Ripping up more carpet today in preparation for my lovely new floorboards being laid on Monday hooooooray !!!!
I was a brave soul in August and took all of the kids to watch the Blue Angels practice, we saw them take off and land. So cool! August also brought summer quarter to a close for me (whew! I survived) and I started to study for the GRE.
This book is for boys mostly because it is about one, but girls will like it, too. Ages nine and up. There is some violence, gory bits, and it has a mixed ending.
Steven Sterling Smith.
There are countless volunteer opportunities out there. Countless. And each one of them serve a purpose. They fill a need.
Who are these millionaires?… well 23 of the 29 in the cabinet are! Here’s just 23 of the 14,000 millionaires to benefit from a £40k tax cut funded by the http://tinyurl.com/3xz33wd
He wanted it in bright ,retro colours to wear for a fancy dress event. As he offered to buy the yarn I couldn't really say no.
maggots and leaves, willows and snow.
Here are some pics of the 2 lamps:
Do you think there is enouf? im not sure?....
Bob McCarthy – banjo;
The United Kingdom is not a member of the group of nations using the Euro, but most of its trade is with the Eurozone nations. If those countries' currency starts to disintegrate, Britain's trade will be severely impacted... and Britain is now into another recession which can scarcely handle that.
If you want to know the full scoop and details, visit this post on Ghosty's blog, but if you need an incentive, just know that there's some fantastic prizes available up for grabs. Not just that though... everyone who takes part in the event itself will be treated to a fantastic evening up at Copper Dragon after the final judging of the competition.
2. The Man Who Is Utterly Powerless Is Powerful (Matthew 27:32-40)
So this morning I got up and started looking at this stuff--this yardage of tie-dyed interlock and this book, and I was thinking about my Journal Shawls, the things I used to make out of cotton with images and text and embroidery and beading. They were way cool, but I never really loved them because they were a couple layers of woven cotton = they didn't drape and were too stiff and were really hard to wear. They were more display pieces--and, in, fact, that's what most people did with them when they bought them: hung them on the wall.
Accessories: Lucky Limeade and Island Indigo Markers, Daffodil Delight Seam Binding Ribbon, Lucky Limeade Ruffled Ribbon, Rhinestone, Dotted Scallop Ribbon Border Punch, Jewelry Tag Punch, Lucky Limeade Bakers Twine
For my card I have used peace and love hipster from Saturated Canary and she is coloured with copics and accented with stickles. The DP is from DCWV and it is all sparkly and glittery, but unfortunately it doesn't show that well on my picture....typical! I kept this card simple.....I faffed around for ages trying to find some more DP to match my base so I could create some layers, but I wasn't happy with any of them and I think it was because the base layer is so pretty I didn't want to cover it up! So simple it is and I finished off with some ribbon and a waltzingmouse sentiment that I stamped on kraft cardstock.
I did something today that I never thought I could do. I didn’t think I was smart enough, or good enough with numbers, or able to understand the details. I’ve always paid other people good money – in fact, a lot of money – to do it for me. But not this year. Not today.
Christians then have to begin with marriage in all our talk about sex, not because we’re killjoys who think all awful things should be saved for marriage, but rather because there’s a deep level of intimacy that happens through sex and that sort of intimacy shouldn’t be thrown around. Sex carries the weight of the world in the most literal sense possible. So we believe sex only makes sense within the covenant relationship of marriage.
We made it back safely from our cruise! We had a great time and I'm gonna tell you all about it this week! Starting today...Sunday night?!?! Weird I know, but Mr. 2SB is stuck at work tonight, so here I am! Once these recaps are done, I have an announcement (no, not pregnant), so sit tight and enjoy our cruise!
As per the library:
ROMNEY: Of course, I can’t it’s a blind trust.
Hanging bowls were placed in rich graves over a period of at least a century. It seems unlikely that they were used as food containers or for cooking, as this would have obscured internal decorations. The rotating trout in the large Sutton Hoo hanging bowl is consistent with the bowl being used to contain a clear liquid such as water. A contemporary documentary reference mentions copper-alloy hanging bowls (not necessarily the same type of object) in association with spring water. The position of the large hanging bowl in the Mound 1 ship burial at Sutton Hoo is consistent with (but does not prove) some sort of military, official or ceremonial function. This is also consistent with the limited capacity of the bowls, if they held a modest quantity of ‘special’ water intended for a specific purpose. What this purpose might be, or what made the water special, is open to speculation. Holy water, in a Christian or non-Christian context, is an obvious possibility, perhaps used for healing, divination or ceremonial purposes.
I have noticed recently that many online airfare reservation companies are advertising a price match guarantee. Meaning that within a certain period of time, if you find anything cheaper, they will refund you the difference. Some important things to realize here is that you will need to track the prices after you buy the ticket and see if there are any other comparable fares that pop up during the window of opportunity. Most companies offering this guarantee are banking on the fact that their customers are going to forget to follow up.
Yep. No easy way to answer that question. It all depends on how hot the project.
That is it. You cannot claim to be the ‘new kids on the block’ challenging the elitist corporate publishers, and at the same time bully and threaten people in the very worst corporate style.
Any usage of the hand is painful. I am often dropping objects if I try to hold them in the right hand. It’s embarrassing. I can’t eat. Cutting meat and using a fork present a challenge and I am often quite embarrassed in public.
Eddie is the sexiest man in makeup on the planet. I cannot believe I have not blogged about him already. That's like me not writing about movies or chocolate.
Three, and without this I wouldn’t have proceeded in spite of my second reason, I returned to the first book and found that I still loved Brendan and his family (time away from them allowed me to see this!). There were also some loose threads I had unintentionally left myself that hinted at there being more to the story.
Karl: what would you do?
Nina Yang
Type Cast Operator from “Programming in Objective-C 2.0: Second Edition”:
I planted all the cosmos at the same time, but this one leaped ahead of the pack, blooming beautifully and earliest!
Maya is the spit image of her father!
I'm starting to lose track of the days.
Baby is getting TWO teeth. But, I don't have a picture of those, either. Mainly because whenever I try to get so much as a glimpse of her little teethers, she pinches her lips up tight and shakes her head.
Why or why not?
I hate clutter. It weighs on you and eats away at your soul. I always wanted two kids (assuming I was blessed with them) and during my last pregnancy I had lovely dreams about shipping off truckloads of baby stuff to the salvation army. Now that my baby is nine months, a lot of her little baby things are no longer practical. She can’t fit into many of the clothes, she’s too big for the infant seats. Finally my time has come to clear up some much needed closet space. And yet I find myself hesitating. I’ve got the boxes out, the clothes sorted, the infant seats lined up and ready for disassembling. Yet… I can’t seem to do it. I want to sooo much but I just can’t seem to do it. I never took myself for an overly sentimental sort. I swear the minute I could put my old jeans on I got rid of all of my maternity clothes.
Neither Rich nor I are verbally acknowledging their presence.
There will be times where we feel lonely, or isolated, or like no understands us. We feel disconnected because we don’t feel like we ever truly “fit in” with the people around us, or ever “fit in” with this world. But that is exactly what this verse is telling us, that God has called us to be different, and for a greater purpose that we can see or fathom. We are not of this world. So why would we truly expect to (or even want to) “fit in” or be like every one else? Jesus never fit in. He was the biggest misfit of them all. No one still “in the world” could understand him, and he was PERFECT! Why would we expect to be treated any differently?
2 tbls honey (can be replaced by apple puree)
as a guest, your home is a place of justice, it is a piece of cake.
Lydia got to play in an orchestra this year. It was very fun and exciting! The school district celebrated its 10th year of Suzuki String instruction in their schools. To celebrate, the had the composer of this song to come and conduct them play. Lydia played in an elementary Spring Orchestra which played with the Elementary Honor Orchestra, Jr. High Orchestra and High School Orchestras. There were 300 students playing all together. It was very neat!
The subcommittee's probe of a sitting governor is unusual, according to historians, and unprecedented in modern times.
to make them better and responsible individual in society.
But what can we reasonably expect when we have a sitting Supreme Court Justice, Antonin Scalia, who says things like, “Innocence is no bar to upholding a criminal conviction.” And here I always thought innocence was a pretty important part our criminal justice system.
But here's the revelation of the scene: While we hear Simon's song performed in its entirety, the B-52’s only get a minute or so in the film. The camera focuses on no instrument players, we see brief medium shots of only the singers, Fred Schneider in his eye-catching and "feminine" bright yellow pants and purple T-shirt (Simon has on good old-fashioned "masculine" American blue jeans), and the two women in beehive do’s. But there’s something, thanks to the unique powers of cinema, that all of Simon’s intentionality as writer and performer can’t erase: the irrepressible, explosive, punkish energy of the B-52’s in performance, evident instantaneously from the visible, documentary evidence captured automatically by the camera.
For the Calvinist struggling to make sense of God’s attitudes towards the non-Christian who passes away, the pastoral response is precisely the one Taylor gives:
So I want to dream Yes to the Nietzsche’s question and ignore this the excuse function that we see in the 1990s irony and the aughts lovable failures. We need to look at things as they with respect that what we should reject. To put Nietzsche into the dialectical mode of Hegel: Amor Fati most be opposed by self-overcoming and sublated into something not yet seen.
to kneel on her greens,
- Cuanto cuesta “X”?- How can I get to “X place”?
about your letter.
I'm trying to be asleep
March 28 2012 at 03:35pm
1 package (3 oz.) cream cheese, softened
On Friday, IAMSIX Promotions and Hardcore Media 316 are presenting This City Awaits at Rock Bottom on the Eastern Blvd. The Texas-based band is touring through the area. Openers include My Hearts Cry and local band Creep List. It starts at 7 p.m. $10 at the door.
Then form the mixture into balls, whatever size you want, remembering that they will shrink a bit. You can now put them in the fridge for 30 minutes to firm up, or continue on to the next stage.
Sometimes up.
Already I've received commitments from many in the challenge, so I hope the rest of you will join us to make May 3rd a memorable day in blogging. To join in you don't even have to be a Challenge participant. If you were following or supporting us we'd like to hear what you have to say on this day as well.
I am thy shield, and thy exceeding great reward. Gen. 15:1
Those two gentlemen lived at almost the same time on different sides of the world. Twm o’r Nant – that’s his nom de plume – was Thomas Edwards, born in 1739. Valentine Dwyer, owned the Green Mount estate in the parish of Manchester, Jamaica, he died in 1824.
I just wanted to share this video and some thoughts with you.
Wash her hands of me, leave me staring down some runway,
CP: I don’t know. Maybe the “good” bands get more attention because bands like “hurts” are really successful and there are more little synth bands who deserve to be more famous than they are…
Monday: Lazy day in the morning, and hour or so of work just after lunch, and then off to Irini's first "proper" ballet class, as opposed to the kindy dance we've been doing. I have to say, it was nice to not have to participate anymore, and Irini looked so cute in her uniform, but it is sad that she is growing up. Can't they stay babies a bit longer?!
The other interesting thing I noticed--from both sides of the political spectrum--were the hatred and vitriol that was spewed at the opposition. That kind of partisanship is what is bogging down our progress in the Senate and the House back in Washington. The same things seems to happen--partisanship wise--here in our state. The difference here is that the extreme conservatives have hijacked the legislature and run away without truly representing the middle-of-the-road constituents. That part is most frustrating to me. If we can't cooperate and respect each other, how will we ever get anything done?
I can’t wait to see you again. I plan to do some serious making up for our last fight.
My first thought was about my fiancee. "I didn't know she felt like that about it,' I said to myself, half angry, half sad. 'She might have told me.' But when I turned round there was nobody there. She was down the other end of the church examining something.
1. The photos are in fact real. No photo shopping or alteration have been done, the prints were made by putting our faces in fresh powder and then I took pictures with a point and shoot camera.
There are also various things that might contribute to the weakening of the parts of the eye. For instance, the rays of computer monitor coupled with constant eye strain caused by extended staring at the computer screen might speed-up eyesight degeneration. Repeatedly exposing your eyes to the sun’s heat might also affect your eyesight.
He analyzed what went wrong. And the answer seemed obvious. They hadn’t taken enough precautions. Sure, Tori was on the Pill, but the real problem was him. He should have had a vasectomy. When Barbara had had a tubal ligation, he thought he was all done with birth control. He thought to himself: Tori is young; she may want children someday; she shouldn’t shoulder the burden by herself, especially since the consequences were more dramatic for him. If only he had had a vasectomy before starting this relationship, there would have been no problem. But, this is not an eventuality one foresees when one uses birth control. Preventing birth is its job, after all, and it’s expected to fulfill that role. But now he knew how imperfect it was. It was time to get a vasectomy, and he would never get another woman pregnant again.
It’s been a year now since I have met my birth parents with the help of a Belgian tv station/show, they heard about my story and suggested to pay for our trip; mine, husband and the kids, to Canada to meet them and of course station would film it.
All in all a spirited and lively discussion which we hope you will enjoy. It is about an hour long – so you may wish to take it in ‘bites’.
Jehan shared her recipe in which I used the exact same ingredients. The only thing I did differently was change the order of how I added them to the pot. I am going to share my way of doing this. But if you want to see how she differs the recipe then please check out the link I will provide. I thank her for sharing this. And I can’t wait to try some more of her recipes!
“But first, shouldn’t you know who you are before re-inventing yourself?” she asked.
I must leave. I must go inside. It’s dark out there and If I leave my comfort, will you help me? Will you save me.
Wow, time runs fast doesn't it? Now it is 'Puasa' then comes 'Hari Raya' & then 'Deepavali' & then 'Christmas' & then comes 'New Year'. But amidst of all these, Good Health & Happiness plus a happy family counts most. And so Mak isah wish all these great things for you all my dearest blogger friends.
1 lecturer
Ah, the inaugural post of a blog. It's kinda weird writing this thing. I mean, in normal blog posts, you're talking to an existing audience, but in this case, there is no audience. I mean, I just started this thing half an hour ago. So I guess I'm really writing to future readers, aren't I? Let's take a minute to address them now.
Long story short: Chris is sent me everything he has on the unit for my research!!!! (THANKS CHRIS IT WILL BE INVALUABLE!!!)
Silver square diamantes from stash
1 matchbox
and the odd Americain
Sad Songs and Waltzes by Willie Nelson
Full Reading –John 8:31-42
Have you sold any sewing machines lately?
Administered by the Suffolk County SPCA, the list will expose to public ridicule anyone convicted of beating, killing or neglecting animals.
BYRNES GB, KELLY H. Influenza vaccine for healthy working adults. J Am Med Assoc 2001; 285: 290-291.
Conqueror 1075 - (Black IPA) 7.4% ABV
A pen and paper, a good knife and this straw hat I have that says Bud Light on it. I’m very practical.
Even so, enough candidates stepped forward for the May 22 primary to create races in 30 House districts and eight Senate districts.
Just last week, our offices moved in to a new building. Even though the work that I did was mostly behind the scenes, it feels good to look back and see the work of something that I helped to build.
Is it only insecurity, a feeling of
The third worst offender was again for the 7th time was, Brian Gallagher,
7.the shadows of iga
that sounded like peach brandy and oars
Here is a photo of the last page. The last archetype I did was the mask. The idea behind the mask is that it's the face that we present to the world. Not that it is a false face, just the face that world knows. The implication is that we are more than what the world sees. Here is mine.
Félix Simtaine - drums
Now, onto this weeks challenge.
2. To make the dumplings: The key when preparing dumplings is to keep the wrapper and the filling from separating. (Tips: Keep wrappers
I have your Uncle Marvin on the phone right now from St Paul. He says that the Western Union agent told him that 7 Albermarle Street isn't a valid Western Union address. Are you sure that it's the right location? He's sending $4,500.00 to be on the safe side since plane tickets are so gosh darned expensive these days.
For those at Pentecost the answer was to repent and be baptised according to Acts 2:38. But for the Philippian gaoler it was to believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and be saved. That is the gospel of God’s grace.
I've had some time to cool down from my last post. I'll admit that I haven't cooled much. Derick asked me to remove her from FB so I did. I feel good about it. He was tired of seeing me so angry and so hurt. I wish I could get over this bitterness. I hate living my life like this. I just don't know how to do it. A friend suggested prayer. So I tried it. I'm also hoping to get back to journaling. You know, in a place that people don't read it. How did I get to be this person?
MEETING POINT: Calle 8. Exact address disclosed with ticket purchase.
However, it may turn out that the Public Option is the least radical change included in the Affordable Health Care for America Act. In Title VII, anyone making less than 150% of poverty will be eligible for Medicaid – which works out to $16k a year for an individual, and $33k a year for a family of four. What most people don’t realize is that as households, which average about 2.5 persons per household, 28% of American households make less than 150% of poverty per year.
I've done it, I've gone two weeks without coffee! It's the best feeling. I feel normal. I'm not nervous or jittery, I'm less edgy or impatient. I'm just ME! No more once an hour bathroom breaks either.
3 among
Thyroid cancer may have taken away Roger Ebert's voice but it only enhanced his ability to tell a story. Life Itself is a must-read for anyone who considers himself an afficianado of film, books, newspapers, or history. Does that about cover it? Do yourself a favor and spend some time with Roger. You'll find that he's like an old friend that you haven't seen in a while but can strike up a conversation with immediately. Follow his blog at the Sun Times
Courage does not mean one is not afraid or cannot fear. Courage is the ability to press forward and brave the outcome. Like jumping through a wall of fire to save your life, or the life of someone you love, courage is necessary. For this, Courage Under Flare™ is a fitting tribute to all RA patients who face this challenge.
I love to talk to them all
Of course, very few of the events depicted in the film are accurate at all, as my two previous articles on this movie's liberties with history have shown (see "Agora" and Hypatia - Hollywood Strikes Again and Hypatia and "Agora" Redux). There is no evidence of any library in the Serapeum and the idea that "Christian leaders" regarded philosophy and learning as "pagan and idolatrous" is simply nonsense. Prothero then assures us that "Hypatia is practically the only prominent female name among scholars in the ancient world", which is also wrong. Just a generation after Hypatia, for example, we have another famed female philosopher in Alexandria, Aedisia. Not only was she a famous scholar and teacher and a woman, but she was also a pagan. Yet somehow she managed to remain entirely unmolested by black-clad Christian mobs, which should give a bit of a hint that the portrayal of history in this film that Prothero finds so rock solid is actually not telling us the truth.
The doctor told us that there is no way to know exactly what surgery could/would be able to do for Olivia's functionality. She said that the best indicator of success would be to get her legs as straight as possible through botox injections, then get her up and walking to see what she could do. Because surgery would, simply put, be done to "get her legs straight," we could mimic that through botox. Of course, we've tried botox before and have seen her up and walking with her walker after a couple of weeks of intense stretching, and she's been able to take some steps. But as she gets older and heavier, she's moving slower and seems less interested...
Dedicated to Michelle, from the whole of My Being…
But, here’s how the mind of a stress monger works. I have now fully convinced myself that this could be a huge issue and have worked myself up into a tizzy. What if Pru is deaf? In reality, what’s the big deal anyway? The percentages aren’t that bad really, but I never liked playing the odds and I ALWAYS assume the worst. Why am I even worried? She’s adorable and could be taught hand signals. Amos, our previous boxer, lost his hearing with old age and the hand signals were an awesome way to still communicate and connect with him. So, why am I worked up over this? It’s what I do and I’m damn good at it.
2. We find encouragement and accountability.
It reminded me of something. Oh ya, the observer side of myself watching my workhorse self struggle through her writing... or not writing, as the case may be.
Rnd 10: ch 3, dc in next 14 dc, 2 dc in next dc, *dc in next 15 dc, 2 dc in next dc; repeat from* around to last 2 dc; dc in last 2 dc; join with sl st to 1st dc (70 dc)
I am tempted to put a little study of “eternal life” at this point. I have an intense desire to teach you how the Bible is its own dictionary. Some of you who have sat for years under the traditions of men, have difficulty reading in context. Let’s see if just pasting a few “eternal life” verses here, will help you define it.
In the 1930's, C.S. Lewis and J.R.R. Tolkien were dons together at Oxford. They were both Christians and both writers, and they met regularly with others to discuss various aspects of writing in a literary group called the Inklings. On one occasion, Lewis, Tolkien and another friend were up all night discussing Myth and its relation to Christianity. Tolkien and Lewis both loved ancient myths, particularly the Greek and Norse myths. But Lewis disapproved of Tolkien using myths in the books he was writing. He called them "lies breathed through silver" and suggested that a Christian shouldn't use so-called pagan stories.
CEO Sergei Kostenko, who is also head of the Russian office of the U.S.-based Space Adventures, stated that the cost of space tourism should drop from the present $60 million per trip, about 1 week, to a "mere" $15 million. Sure, its still out of reach of the vast majority of humanity, but its a start a one that will already cut costs by 75%.
‘Many documents show how hard it became to recruit curiales (mayors) for cities, governors for provinces, and military officers, because Christians refused to hold such offices……Some modern historians think that this general defection on the part of Christians was one of the most important reasons for the decline of Rome from the 4th century onwards.’
We all know that Jenkins could do with a bit of counselling but their is no doubt when it comes to his footballing skills that he is a top talent. Following Jenkins was Iasaiah Pead, a future replacement for aging running back Steven Jackson?
didn’t she know
In recent years, there has been a resurgence of Calvinism within Baptist churches (e.g., John Piper, Albert Mohler, including hipper and younger Baptists like Mark Driscoll). When I read and hear Baptists describing “true evangelical” doctrine as Calvinist in doctrine, this makes me scratch my head and wonder.
Time......sometimes I look in the mirror, and wonder "When did I get so old?" There are days I just feel my age in my bones. It seems like just yesterday I was in college the first time....or picking Chad up out of his crib. Where has it all gone?? How does it slip by so fast?? I guess if I had the answer to that, I would be a very rich woman. Doesn't keep me from asking though. This past weekend, Mike and I celebrated our 17th wedding anniversary! It has been a long 17 years, and we've had some good times as well as bad.....but I don't think I would trade them in for anything!
The kitchen table, front porch, trampoline or dedicated room? I am sure most of you are like us, in that you utilise your entire home.
Your city will never be the same.
When the heat is on, these plants of myth and legend bring their magic and beauty to the world.
"Pasticceria," she said, assuming the awful but precocious accent of all young children trying to speak a foreign tongue.
Colossians 3:1-17
1/2 cup dried onion flakes
Jonesy: "Robert! I said I would sing Sandy's part!"
Every Time A Cruise Ships Sinks A Mermaid Get’s New Martini Glasses (unfinished) Acrylic on canvas
Director: Michael Curtiz
pour everything to you
It's worth contemplating that the concept of envy found itself in the ten commandments(don't do it)and in I Corinthians 13(it's not love). In a strictly materialistic view of the world, which is arguably the predominate American view inside and outside of christianity, well-being is reduced to materialism, and compassion to material based "fairness". Such a view is a petri dish for envy. It denies the twin possibilities of happiness without wealth and wealth without happiness because in materialism, happiness and wealth are synonymous.
Method: Mix soya sauce, ginger, garlic, red chilli powder, turmeric powder and a few drops of water to make a smooth and thick paste. Marinate the fish pieces in this paste for approximately 15-20 minutes or more to get an exotic flavor. Meanwhile, beat up the eggs and season it with the pepper and the remaining salt. Drain out the excess marinade from the fish pieces, dip it one at a time in the egg mix, and then roll in the bread crumps plus flour powder. Pat the mixture firmly onto the fish pieces. Heat up the mixture of oil and ghee till smoking hot and deep fry the fish fingers on either side until golden brown. Drain on paper towels and serve with ginger, garlic, mint chutney or any of your favorite sauces or dips. Enjoy!
Did about 49 mins on Wii Fit and then ran over to my parents to do another 30 mins on the elliptical. I have to say, I've never done an elliptical machine before, I find it very nice not having knee and foot pain while doing exercises. But man oh man my quads were screaming yesterday when I woke up. But I pushed on.
Interior Surface is a proud member of Starnet Worldwide, and we have recently been
If you’d like to join, here’s what you’ll need to do:
Where do you see this case going? What is the expected outcome?
I think it knows I'm trying to blog in less than 10 minutes (I'm a slow blogger), and it purposely did not upload my pics all at once! Hee hee!
“What box?” (He appears more puzzled.)
Make the proposal sexy: Hire a stripper and hide the engagement ring in her cleavage. This way you can both enjoy the performance!
But today it has snowed for the first time this year and that may mean less done for a little while.
I wish the camera did this fabric justice. The bright clear reds next to that perfect retro green.....yummy! This was the first time I've found that color, note to self....buy more.
While that's boiling, sautee your onion and garlic, til onion is not raw and the garlic smells yum. Add chicken (and salt/pepper to taste) and cook til no longer pink. Add flour. Stir to coat chicken. Add cream, mustard, parmesan cheese and spinach. Stir to mix it up and cook for a few minutes while the cream thickens, cheese melts and spinach wilts.
John Brown (Lib Dem) 270
Breaking Beautiful is perfectly named as we see what Allie could be through Blake and Andrew's eyes and it is beautiful but we also see how broken Allie is. Deeply emotional with a satisfying slow relationship that burns hot like embers, Breaking Beautiful is damn near perfect. Dealing with such a tough issue could allow this book to be swallowed in grief but it chooses to show that even the broken can heal into something beautiful once again.
There has been a lot of talk about not only Kuechly’s lack of ideal size for the position but also his ability to make plays sideline to sideline. There is no doubt that Kuechly may not possess very good burst or overall athleticism and quickness but there are things Kuechly does that make up for this. We have already discussed just how quickly Kuechly reads and diagnoses plays, as well as the fact that he doesn’t take too many miss or false steps. All of these things work in Kuechly’s favor as he is able to make up ground by sheer mental intellect and awareness. When watching Luke Kuechly you can see that he possesses a 2nd gear and can accelerate to the football. His top-end speed is nothing special but he does a great job of staying clean and flowing to the football by taking proper angles. There is very little to no hesitation in Kuechly’s game and once he deciphers a play, his read and react skills are fantastic and put him in a postion to make a play. Luke Kuechly’s change of direction and closing speed are just average, however he does an impeccable job of planting and driving to the football taking the most desired path to the ball-carrier. Again this skill appears to be second nature to Kuechly and more than makes up for his inability to wow you with his pure athleticism and range. Kuechly is a player that shows up and plays faster on tape than he will test at the NFL Combine and Pro-day. However, Kuechly is simply a football player who understands the game and has discovered the secret to playing faster than you really are.
Medium: Letraset Promarkers (in colour names) and Letraset Pantone Tria markers (in numbers):
Guess Betty hadn’t slept too well either. Her and Oregon were up at the crack of dawn and out on the lawn by mid-morning.
After all, are academic essays the only textual form appropriate for archival exploration, or does the relatively ad hoc, point-and-shoot blog post, motivated less by scholarly expertise than by curiosity and personal enthusiasm, also have something valuable to offer? Somewhere between front-line archival reportage, historical research, and what we might call popular outreach.
Anon! Let the work be the truth of the force that works.
‘Darling, is everything alright?’
Yes I have two! One on my lower back and the other on my left ankle.
It took a while for the Icelandic audience to realize that Silvía Night was a fictional character and not just a mad woman in search of attention. The actress, Ágústa Eva, is more often referred to as Silvía Night than with her real name.
Last Updated: 03-19-2010
1246 **D-V/8/1996. “Technology and Community: Lessons From and For the Unabomber.” The School of Law, Loyola University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(16), above, pp. 481-98.) See Item D-XII/16/1994, above.
G. Washington
According to Council Member James, “It is tragic that 400 Canada geese were killed in Brooklyn’s historic Prospect Park. This extreme action appears to be a belated response to last year’s Delta crash into the Hudson River caused by migratory birds that entered the plane’s engines. Prospect Park’s birds lived permanently in the park, and my office has heard from constituents that believe they were not a threat to the region’s air safety, but merely sacrificed as scapegoats. Also, the fact that the killing of these birds took place without prior community or local-elected official notification is an indication that this plan was not well-developed.”
For many many many years I have been a fan and collector of the gorgeous Miss Betty Boop. From T-shirts, Board Games inc Betty Boop MONOPOLY, Posters, Figurines, Glassware, Blankets and the list goes on and on and on and yes on some more :)
“One of our goals is to get brewers to print a PSA testing message on the back of beer coasters they use to promote their brands in restaurants and taverns around the country,” Lyke said. “Men can tell you about their favorite IPA(India Pale Ale), but few know about their PSA (Prostate Specific Antigen). We need to help educate them about getting the simple blood test that measures prostate specific antigens because it can save their lives.”
I was reading O magazine, and came across 3 words "Joy, Honesty and Meaning". That's what I want for the 2011.
So do we call upon a lot of saints, angels, and gods (lower case g…who were likely just enlightened souls from very long ago) for help, and pray to them? Yes we do. But we don’t worship them. No. We understand that they are intermediaries who can better understand our problems and what me may need (although honestly angels are a bit detached as well—absolutely no understanding of how time works, if you’re praying to angels for help be sure to be very specific in terms of when and where). I think it’s safe to say that most New Agers believe there is only one God who uses a very large task force of intermediaries to help us.
But NOT this plan.
I wrote an undelivered letter… I’m not going to send it not matter how much I want to. I want to have contact but I won’t. I won’t. I won’t. My head hurts. I’ve cried on and off today.
Semi-Finals
But I'm playing Kanga and this is my Roo.
-a lovely heat resistant red satin styler roll bag
mushroom: 200 gms
Felt, hot glue and/or E6000 glue, a round object (I used a mason jar lid) to trace, rings/clips, ribbon and embellishments if desired.
88**************************************************************************88
We've been having a bit of it here...and enjoying it, too.
Before I took the first sip I amused myself with the idea that most men’s wives worry that there is a woman in the hotel room with their husband away on business. My wife instead is concerned with how much money I am going to spend on beer.
This next outfit wasn’t as girly and ‘free’ as the first one, I felt it had more confidence about it, which would be shown through the poses she’s do. I felt that with this dress. the poses should have more attitude. Therefore I got her to pose on an open road to portray her confidence. I also got her to lie on a ‘keep clear’ sign, which would show attitude and confidence, however, I think I would have had to have directed her to do a more confident pose for that technique to have worked better and more successfully.
I think I mentioned earlier, that there are only about 3 acres of this hop anywhere in the world. There just isn't that much of it to go around. I was in our hop freezer this afternoon, and we have a solid 250 lb bale. I think that's it. Total. End of story.So, for the moment, anyway, SN has cornered the market on this hop, and will own the characteristic flavor it imparts. What is Citra's lineage? In a small article in the Hop Science Newsletter (.pdf) they're described this way:
These earrings are made entirely from copper. The earrings use the same ear wire findings as we used in our Earrings from Steel Wire. Theshape of the ear wire finding is the same. The gauge wire is the same. The look is very different. I love wire; wire techniques changed little since early man and yet the jewelry making possibilities are endless.
After college, Suzanne was a freelance writer for magazines and became a contributing editor to Christian Parenting Today. Her work has been featured in Today's Christian Woman, Marriage Partnership, Worldwide Challenge, among others. She took the plunge into books a few years ago and now she's hooked. To learn more about Suzanne, visit her website at www.suzannewoodsfisher.com
The meat and flour issued were crawling with maggots. Emily Hobhouse writes: "I have in my possession coffee and sugar which were described as follows by a London analyst: In the case of the first, 66% imitation, and in the case of the second, sweepings from a warehouse."
The third one is literature field. It is related to different literature types including poetry, novels, short story, literature critique and writing plays. The first winner of the Sultan Qaboos Appreciation Award for Culture, Arts and Literature will be granted the Sultan Qaboos Order for culture, Arts and Literature alongside a sum of RO 100,000.
I remember reading an article on one of the conservative websites about our President. A lot of Christians were bashing him, and one liberal voice stuck out to me in the comments section. She said, “Why are you so disrespectful to our President. The office deserves respect.”
To register please contact Alyssa:
Boil the tea and put some toast on.
Speaking of Texas, this was my haul over the past week. Most are beers new to TX and all I am excited to try.
My illustration of the tyrannosaurid Teratophoneus taking down a Gryposaurus appears in the issue of Scientific American that's on the newsstands now.
The children also seem to be taking more and more of an interest in working with the Botany puzzles and matching, as well as the continent maps and Zoology puzzles and matching. These are all wonderful skills that help them become keen observers and helps them become familiar with the world in which they live in.
Jessica Simpson has given birth to a baby girl Tuesday May 1, 2012.
And it’s common over there
I usually don't write a blog when I'm not in a perfect, fantastic mood with my "A" game on...but guess what??! YOU are about to get a glimpse of what I'm like at my wits end. Cuz guess what?! I'm mad as hell today!
If we can impose a two-party system the police apparatus cannot again be used to drag down our elected governments, and deny us our democratic rights.
Close the bowl with a lid and chill in the refrigerator for at least 2 hours.
As a matter of logic, by finding petitioners’ cause of action as anchored on a legal right comprised in the constitutional statements above noted, the Court is in effect saying that Section 15 (and Section 16) of Article II of the Constitution are self-executing and judicially enforceable even in their present form. The implications of this doctrine will have to be explored in future cases; those implications are too large and far-reaching in nature even to be hinted at here.
As for the hardware, when it all goes up, it will look like this. We went with black for contrast. Classic knobs on the doors, and a more contemporary handle style pull on all of the drawers. These are all from Lowe's. Super cheap! They also have brushed nickel if that's your preference.
I will admit I was a little embarrassed by his behavior ( I should clarify, I wasn't embarrassed by him, but by the fact that other people had paid money for the class too and he was being disruptive. I should also say he wasn't the only one running around, but he kind of got the others wound up). He wasn't terrible by any means,but he wouldn't sit still for any length of time (Littles sat the entire time, like an angel). I tired my hardest to get him to join in, but with both of the kids there, well I can't be two place at once. So I finally made the decision to be an example, by participating in the class with Littles instead of chasing after Boog (in hopes he would see Mama and Sissy and want to do what we were doing, plus I didn't want Littles time spoiled).
Are they worth hemming up?
Time to complete: 8 hours
One blow was all it took. The glowing orb erupted into pulverized glints of light, all of which faded to nothing upon hitting the ground.
“Drew Black, a president of the SBC fighting organization, is a controversial as they come. But this hotheaded entrepreneur is a perfect match for his popular sports club venture: uncompromising and extreme. Maybe too extreme. With a reputation for saying what he thinks, Drew’s been causing a lot of friction. That’s why someone’s been called in to clean up his image, before he does any permanent damage.
"A Short History of George Younger & Son Limited, Alloa, (1762 - 1925)", 1925, page 2.
A golf course?
Chills run through my hope and I look down to see my breath.
Tip:
Way down to Kokomo (Beach Boys)
“Are you crazy? That phone cost me a fortune.”
What makes them the “expert” on this subject??
Today has been a day of many questions; why must my children have a meltdown when half the world decides to walk to school? Why must my husband leave his clothes next to the laundry bag? How do I dry a hand washed duvet? - It's okay you tweeters of little faith, I'm working on it!! - but the one question I really need an answer to is: How do I fix my ripped hole?
She added that recent studies have shown “what the level of testosterone in a given room can produce when you do trading.”
Five of the spikes later I was passing by the outskirts of Ankola. The highway doesn’t pass through the town, which I guess must be right on the coast, instead heads north touching just the outskirts. So all I saw of Ankola was the slums and the garbage and this was a rather hard blow to the image of the nice coastal town I had in my head. I left the town behind and stopped at a chai-kade, roadside tea stall, to refill water and get some biscuits. I also asked if there was a place to stay and he said no. it was 5:10pm and Karwar was about 35k away. I was hoping to find a place somewhere before Karwar, before the sun set.
In particular, we like to help governing bodies to draw up meaningful Person Specifications, which will promote the selection and appointment of the strongest candidates with the best possible ‘fit’ for the job.
Not wanting to do more 6+ hour long runs I decided to do just enough training to get through the Quad. I planned on shorter long runs, 14-20 milers, with more intensity to make up for the lack of distance. Last weekend I ran the 25k of PCTR's Stinson Beach 50k and the weekend before that, the 33k race of PCTR's Muir Beach 50k with great success. This is success measured in the amount of fun I had and the whoop ass I dealt, mainly to myself. Fun + enough intensity = successful race.
Large fish lurking
Criminals always lie about their actions to avoid punishment for their crimes.
Please forgive me and accept my apologies. I didn’t take care of you, I didn’t know how and now I don’t know how to make it up to you.
And, verily Our Word has gone forth of old for Our slaves, – Messengers, that they verily would be made triumphant. And that Our hosts, they verily would be victors (V.37:171173).
the thing that was the most frustrating is that, even though i felt like at any moment, my ear drums would rupture and i would be deaf for the rest of my life, the crying didn't bother me. there was the small moment where i couldn't really think straight and found myself standing in front of the basil, getting exasperated because i couldn't find it. but the crying wasn't what sent me over the edge. it was the feeling i got when that woman cast her judgement at me with such reckless abandon, the feeling that i was a gnat. that i was no more than a mosquito. that i had no business being in her presence.
The earth needs our prayers more than we know. It needs us to acknowledge its sacred nature, that it is not just something to use and dispose. Many of us know the effectiveness of prayers for others, how healing and help is given, even in the most unexpected ways. There are many ways to pray for the earth. It can be helpful first to acknowledge that it is not “unfeeling matter” but a living being that has given us life. And then we can sense its suffering: the physical suffering we see in the dying species and polluted waters, the deeper suffering of our collective disregard for its sacred nature. Would we like to be treated just as a physical object to be used and abused? Would we like our sacred nature, our soul, to be denied?
Kaley also took the stage for a performance with her co-stars from The Big Bang Theory.
Seen on television, Mr. Paul appeared to have a second, thinner brow under the one headed south, creating a delicate X over his right eye.
So way back in 2010 I really wanted to make my own calendar - time got the better of me (as well as the fact that I didn't have a square punch and the idea of cutting out 365 squares was a bit mind boggling), and I ended up just printing a month at a time off the computer. So in 2011, I decided definitely I was going to give my calendar idea a go, and got a start on it in early December. Unfortunately, life got hectic (understatement here) and I didn't get too much past these pages. The cover, and January's pages, and a smidge of February's.
Nothing Sacred (US…William A.Wellman)
I didn’t know my Mamaws and Papaws even had names until I was almost grown. They were comforting laps to sit on, people who were on your side no matter what your parents thought you had done wrong, sources of joy and keepers of the history and heritage of the family.
“Mom, I was thinking today at work about-” she paused to breathe in, considering her words, “about what we’re going to do with you.”
(Manny and Andrew playing handball.)
4 carrots, matchstick or Julienne style
I can be just as subjective as the next beer geeker. I love the willibecker glass (like the Harpoon IPA glass above). It's thin-walled, feels great in my hand, and the ones I have all have fill lines at either 0.5 or 0.3 liters. Good to go.
Live shows? Sightings brings it every time; Harvey Milk basically blew my mind apart and put it back together, heavy as fuck and everything perfectly placed in the mix, really impressive; Guinea Worms are always a good time; Foster Care is probably my favorite punk band to watch/fall down with these days (look for their LP on Jack Shack sometime this year); Les Sexareenos reunion was a party and reminded me of what rock n’ roll is supposed to be; there used to be tons of bands like that (although not as good usually), where the hell are they these days? Step out of your fuckin’ bedrooms and slay the goddamn dragon!
I myself have food allergies, and hay fever, and everything else that goes with it. I spent years wearing long sleeves in hot weather, and other ridiculous things to hide arms so that I didn’t have the ridiculous questions about the “track marks” on my arms, and “how I couldn’t hit the vein.” This is my arm today
Carls Junior
This is the view of the are inside the main window (bear in mind that this equals about half the entire place!):
Dratch is a funny lady, and she peppers her book with some fun quips. It’s telling that the most interesting parts of the book are her accounts of her career. The dominating theme of her book is her quest for love, and while well written, it’s not all that fascinating. This could be because aside from being a talented and attractive comedienne, there is little that separates Dratch from other women her age. Going through anecdotes of disastrous dates as well as various stages of her pregnancy, the reader will often find herself saying “Who cares?” and “so what?”
NO TO CHEAP LABOUR APPRENTICESHIPS! ALL APPRENTICESHIPS TO PAY AT LEAST THE MINIMUM WAGE, WITH A JOB GUARANTEED AT THE END
New York -- New York policemen are taught the complex art and science of detection in the now famous Police College instituted by Grover Whalen a few years ago. The Crime Museum of the Police College houses all sorts of evidence used in connection with murder cases, as well as a varied assortment of weapons used by gangsters and killers. A whole mystery story in one picture - the fantastic weapon of The Horseshoe Murder. The implement is a baseball bat with two horseshoes attached. The murderer's idea was to smash the skull of his victim leaving the impression of the horseshoe, so that police would believe the poor fellow had been kicked to death by a horse. (1930)
In the past my blog has mainly been all about my business "VINTAGE HOME lifestyle"...with bits here and there about my personal life. As many of you know I closed my Antique Faire/Barn Sale business last year. Although I still have my online business...the change has been difficult. But I guess if change was easy we would always be the same and that would be pretty boring. I miss the one-on-one contact with customers and I am sure someday I will have some sort of that again...it is in my blood.
4. Find something to take your mind off of it. Don’t procrastinate (if this applies to the situation!), but just give yourself some time to relax and recuperate. Move on!
Apply a bit of “in your shoes, but for the grace of God” and wake up to the real story…and the punchline is the real story is not about “humanitarian’ disaster relief or so-called “looters”, it’s about politics and capitalism.
So that's what's going on around here. That and early planting. We have our onions and potatoes in the ground. Oh and wild fires. I'm holding my breath until we get some rain. We are surrounded by cedar trees. Dirk has our 6 acres cleared back and he burned some in the winter, but the other 40 acres that engulf ours are just littered with cedars. And if those things catch fire, it's like a bunch of small explosions. Ugh. Put your lighters away people!!!
Marcia Standifer of Spring Creek, near Elko, and her husband were out drinking coffee when they saw the fireball at the same time. "It was a very bright ball of white light, then dimmer to the horizon," she said. "We thought this was very unusual due to the bright daylight and how vivid the object was."
When we say something out loud, it really changes the atmosphere around us. Speak out the solution! If you’re going through financial struggles, say, “My God shall supply all my needs according to his glorious riches in Messiah Yeshua”. If you are feeling depressed, sad or angry declare, “The joy of the LORD is my strength.” If you are sick speak out, “By His stripes I am healed!”
So, ‘BNP is out to save war criminals’ is not likely to prove as effective as the AL might have hoped for. Plus, if the trial continues in its farcical nature, then protests from Amnesty et al will make things that much more uncomfortable for the government.
My knitting and spinning mojo was gone. And I mean really gone. But I think I feel it coming back.
Although the French eventually took over Mexico, six years later, thanks in part to military support and political pressure from the United States, France was forced to withdraw.
Anyway, the photos aren't the only thing lacking from this report. I'd really like to say that I was thrilled with my race performance but, in actuality, I'm not. I mean, sure, it's technically a PR since I've never run a 4 mile race before but I really wanted to do better than I did.
An interesting cricket match.
As if that wasn't enough to keep me busy around the clock, I made a spur of the moment decision to purchase a challenge kit from Amy over at Amy Beads, who I met through the Beading Babes group. I chose to buy this kit in orange because I liked the focal bead, I like Amy, and the colors in the kit are so far outside my comfort zone that it really inspired me to challenge myself!
“You made fun of me!” Jenko says.
within the cult of glorified psychopathy, there is constant disease and friction, because there is no logic. there is only “weight of history/evidence,” which can be restricted to the point that it shows the opposite of reality. you cannot realistically tell me that the best person to be making “policy” decisions (nanoscale) is the one who has a scripted and definitive answer to a presumptuous and assumption-laden question, also scripted. ok, you can tell me, and you do, by the fact that these pathetic retards are still getting actual votes from the horribly-paid slaves who are only prompted to action by annoying them to the point of tears by interrupting their manipulative poison-flow in highly “regulated” time periods. ok, that half hour is done, next story? you realize that you just ruined someone’s life there, right? it is your problem. we are all a part of this world, and the growing pile of people you berate, badger, and disrespect is getting ridiculous. are you kidding? if the cult of violence isn’t a study in ridiculosity, i don’t know what is.
And hurt so very many people
1 big marshmallow
For the second card I have stamped and embossed the image onto patterned paper and then coloured with distress markers. I love how you can create such different looks with one stamp. My blogging friend Virginia also created this fabulous card with the same stamp, I love all the blues together, so pretty!!
The writer Claire King has highlighted an email sent out by the Brit Writers Awards to various published and unpublished authors. The BWA is a literary prize for new writers. It’s a very glitzy operation with London ‘gala’ awards ceremonies, glossy websites and a £10,000 prize. It has been running for a couple of years, and claims to be ‘the UK’s largest writing project and awards for new and unpublished writers.’
- Doily Triple Layer #122465
Step 10:
Which was nice
Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas - Hunter S. Thompson, Vegas, and Johnny Depp... what else could I possibly want?
I am in the process of renovating my photo albums. As I remove the photos I scan them and post them here in the hope of publishing them into a book one day. You can see other posts in this series on my side bar. I also stick them into a new scrap book. Hopefully our girls will enjoy having them one day.....
But I do have the new Halloween Set and I have been using them a lot.
Mark: It is all just as Jesus said it would be.
You can access pricing and ordering information by clicking the tab at the top of the page or by clicking here
A Florida woman is accused of illegally injecting toxic substances such as flat-tire sealant and glue into women's buttocks as an enhancement procedure. She wore a nurse's uniform, gloves and an ID tag during the procedures. Authorities said she also injected victims with caulk and cement. The three victims suffered medical complications and infections.
Flats - I'll rotate between flats and sneakers during the event. Always, always bring a different pair of shoes for each day of any conference. Your feet will thank you.
If this sounds confusing and inefficient, you're following. It IS confusing and inefficient.
For more exciting news from Oneida!
I checked his grade after class, and he was well within the passing range; he still had a shot. I would have told him this if I had seen him since.
Hope you all had a wonderful Easter weekend? Ours was fabulous! I'm so excited to tell you that Sarah did amazing in her pageant this weekend and placed 1st Runner Up....I'll have some pictures waiting for you at the end of this post...stick around!!!
He has been detained without bail ever since. From November 2011 to February 2012, he was taken to four provinces, including Sa Kaew, Phetchabun, Nakhon Sawan and Songkhla, where prosecution wiynesses were registered when, in fact, all of them lived in Bangkok.
Rom 8:11 But if the Spirit of Him who raised Jesus from the dead dwells in you, He that raised Christ from the dead shall also give life to your mortal bodies by His Spirit that dwells in you.
Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte has called an agreement on austerity measures “a fantastic result”. Analysts had feared that if the government was unable to present a package of measures by Monday to bring down the budget deficit to three percent of Gross National Product, the Netherlands could lose its triple A credit status.
*What is the last heavy item you lifted? I'm a girlygirl, I don't work like that.
A few panels worth listening to:
Also check out:
But this is dry.
Up until a few years ago I was convinced I didn't like lemon desserts and it kills me to think of all the delicious things I missed out on. I'm firmly in the lemon lover camp now, though, and these lemon bars are certainly a new favorite here. The filling is beyond delicious - the richest, most creamy lemon curd I've ever had. It's loaded with lemon flavor and neither overly tart nor sweet. The shortbread crust is both tender and crisp, a great base for the curd. I wasn't able to give away as many of the bars as I wanted, so I had to stick them in my freezer because I knew I wouldn't be able to resist the temptation. The only problem is now I feel compelled to bake other lemon bar recipes too. For research purposes, of course :)
yes i'm being pathetic and BEGGING for your support - but i will do this to no end - i have no reason NOT to be annoying - this is a life changing event that can change lives forever - maybe even your own!!!!
Bell's - Expedition Stout,Double Cream Stout,Winter White
Prep time: 10 minutes
At this point, my mother pulled over and said, "All right, that's it. Get Buddha off the floor. We've offended the Buddha."
“While the… party insists that it is simply socially conservative and pro-family,” arguing “that family integrity was valued over a woman’s individual rights.”
The perfectionist says not to go running until I can run every single step of every single mile I attempt.
But no. Here I was in leggings, a belted shirt, my fancy uggs and a pink coat, following my son around as he ran through the grass, picked up sticks and explored. It was completely unexpected, and I loved it. I got down and dirty with him as I stepped in muddy puddles, got dirt on my butt and slid down the slide into water.
On Easter Sunday we hope to go to church and to the Palm Beach Zoo. And next weekend there's an SCA event aaand... THE FAIR!!! I love The Miami-Dade Fair and go every year, so I am really excited about going with my sweetie. But more than anything I am happy to hang out with him after not seeing him for three whole weekends. ♥
First, trying to reverse a negative with a negative will never work. When you’re looking at you weight and you’re thinking and feeling, “I’m so over weight” all you’re doing is acknowledging the fat cells. However, just saying “I’m so slim and beautiful” won’t work either. Because deep down you’re lying to yourself. And most of us with any moral compass will sense the lie on a cellular level.It’s still a negative statement.
Yes, I did stand for the leadership and yes, I did shake hands with Eddy Butler. That was before I saw what a moronic level this party and its structure has descended into, all crying out in the name of Britain and in the name of the BNP. What a fool I have been! It has now come to my attention that old friends, the first that I ever met when I joined the Party in 1999, that do not hold any status other than that of true activists, have been bullied and threatened not to work with me in any capacity. I may have resigned the whip, but for good reason. I am still a loyal member of THE PARTY. Managements come and go, as do leaders, but the stakeholders always remain the same.
'This accomplished piece about the hunt for invisible wealth beyond reach of all but hope and timing is distinguished at once by the skill with which – on so many levels – the author renders invisibility in the telling itself. Pared down to the hunger of desperate characters, the revelation is that of a robber preying on the seekers of wealth: a timeless journey of search and disappointment. The author allows the story itself to dictate what doesn’t need telling, details that some writers might well be tempted to render for the sake of a perceived need for verisimilitude. The great achievement here lies indeed in how those details are left hidden, as meaningless as they would be to the eyes and ears of bone-weary prospectors. In fact the pace of the story barely keeps one foot in front of the other; yet the reader is content not to want to hurry things along. The alchemy this writer brings to the page transmutes all that is concealed into a brutal gleam in the mind.'
it repels avian histrionics with a forbidding
I used two colors, China Glaze’s “Dance Baby” and a black color from Savvy (it doesn’t have a name…name it yourself if you want).
The Temple. Oh how much I love the temple!!
I loved taking my family and friends to see Santa. It makes me feel like a kid again to be there! :)
that somewhere in this cold world
3) A Tall Café Mocha. The title for this post comes from my favorite cup of coffee. This stuff is truly my muse juice as it has had a place next to my computer from the very beginning. From outlining to revising the third draft I have relied on my muse juice to keep me focused and relaxed. Besides that, its chocolate coffee. What more could I want in life??
There isn't one. Really, there isn't. I can tell you that Sugar Cube Scrub, Jar Candles, and Sachets are my slowest online sellers (though I sell a ton (probably literally) of home fragrance at local shows...then again no one has yet invested 'scratch n sniff' internet...) I do notice trends, though. I sell soap all of the time. But I'll suddenly get a run on lip balm, and sell lip balm very steadily for weeks, then it will switch to something else. I haven't been able to figure out 'why'...but it does.
“Oh yes!” exclaimed the clerk. “We have the finest resins here. I’m sure you will be most pleased!” These items dutifully added to the list, the clerk said, “Are you making an incense blend?”
I love the Omni because I can have a diaper pre-stuffed for a sitter/grandma and not worry about leaking due to the insert being used improperly. I also like to stick a doubler in the pocket, then snap in an insert. Don't know why, this seems to work for me though. :)
I think it’s funny that you of all people think I’m brave
14:40 - Kamal Chouachi Prohibition through the hookah looking glass
After the aria, the moon will splinter—
The writing is so bad that I spend most of my brain's processing power (and there isn't enough of that to waste on non-essentials) thinking about how bad the writing is, and how many unnecessary words the writer, Mr. Forstchen (actually, Dr. Forstchen) uses, that I barely even notice there is a story.
We’re able to see several things here which Christ is connected with: peace, grace, hope, and the ability to rejoice in times of trial. Also, the Holy Spirit, who came as a direct result of Christ’s leaving, gives us peace, love, joy, forbearance, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control (see: Galatians 5:22-23). So, in some way or another, we are able to connect our ability to be good, to be kind, or faithful, or have peace, to Christ. Alright, but, to be frank, so what?
“The trouble with the laws these days is that criminals know their rights better than their wrongs.”
VERY EXCITING! We had such a fun time with all of you. We look forward to our next giveaway in the coming months! We also have a few other giveaways in the pipeline with other handmade artists, stay tuned! In the meantime be happy, be free and be golden!~
He was more cautious on the way up to the door, calculating each step in order to save himself more trouble; or embarrassment. The glass on the doors was covered in old decorations of reindeer, snowmen, and Santa Claus. All of them with giant smiles which deceived what lay beyond these doors. He could hear a muted Bing Crosby inside, extolling the wonders of the happiest season of all. He sighed heavily and opened the door.
Q: “What is the difference between a musician and a pizza?”
It’s not to say we are without problems here. They’re present. We’re not perfect and we’re quick to point out our struggles with crime, with the high cost of living, with glitches in our politics and public transportation and our mayor’s hair. But one of the things I am always so struck by is the camaraderie that seems to be exchanged between citizens of this place. We’re not hesitant to list our issues, but we’re also able to look at the broader picture and appreciate what we do have. Our attitudes are positive and encouraging, and we’re open to talk about the possibilities.
Austin: -4.7%
I’ve decided to add a new challenge today. And that challenge is to not spend any money today. I’ve never been great with money. I’ve always had enough to pay my bills, but at the end of every two weeks I find myself counting pennies just to make it to payday. How does this happen? I’ve read stories of families of 4 living on half of what I make. Granted, I do have huge student loans to pay off, but still- I don’t have a mortgage, I don’t have a car, I rarely go on crazy shopping sprees. The truth is, when I go back and look at my debit card statement, most of my unnecessary purchases are on food- and food that I don’t even need! A few dollars here and there really adds up at the end of the week. Often I’ll go out and buy a little something when I’m bored or anxious. This habit is not good for my wallet or my waistline.
Brandon Holstein: I’m actually a country guy myself; do you have a favorite artist or song you would like to share with us?
February 11 - Chuck Tanner, major-league manager (Pittsburgh Pirates), 82
One day, all us worms will wake up and realize we don’t need to devour to survive, that we don’t need to consume to find happiness and completion in our lives.
He: Are you crazy! I’m not that kind of person!
5)Items may be removed from packaging to save on shipping costs-please state if you do not want your packaging removed. See note above under Pricing Information.
I try to find the positive sides of my mental illness.
28. Sansrival cake.
The bike fitter dude readjusted my aerobars (Profile Designs T1+) by sliding them back towards the saddle, making them more narrow, and raising the farthest end so that there is a slight incline from the pads to the tips of the aerobars. In doing this, my bike computer (Bontrager Node) would no longer fit on my bars. He continued to make small adjustment here and there and added a stem that comes off my aerobars so that my computer could rest there.
Make sure to come back tomorrow, Tuesday April 24th, at 12:01am EDT for our next inspiration day!
That promises the harvest.
Rojas: Dr. Perales, thank you for this interview and congratulations on the recent books.
fund a church, synagogue or religious school in Saudi Arabia or any other Arab country to teach love and tolerance..
appy weekend to you all, to everybody who has the snow and will have fun making snowmen and to who doesn't have it and will go skating, like me (hoping it will not rain!!!)
So it’s got to happen in real life sometimes, right? Even in a part of the real world as surreal as the Internet industry. There has to be some great coach who can take a motley crew of misfits and turn them into a team of unlikely heroes with a Hollywood incantation like “Clear eyes, full hearts!”
Mosimane has failed to get Orlando Pirates, Mamelodi Sundowns and Golden Arrows players recently for the 0-0 South Africa draw with Equatorial Guinea fielding five uncapped players in the starting line-up and handing three more rookies their maiden caps in the second half. That drama continued forcing the coach to call five more players to replace those called by their clubs.
So now I am just spending a quiet day working on some projects for the coming week and enjoying the great weather. I mean, sunny and maaaybe 80 out? PERF.
Is there any way that I could get an Asian lady to transplant her hair onto my head? Let’s face it. Asian women have awesome freaking hair. Shiny, black and beautiful. My hair is poker straight, won’t hold a curl and often has a mind of its own. It also can’t decide on what color it wants to be. It was blonde when I was really, really small. Then it was a mousey brown in early elementary school. Mid-elementary through my late teens it looked like it was chocolate brown until you got me in the light or sun and then I had a really dark auburn color.
The recipe is from a book called ‘Wicked-sweet indulgences’ by the Australian Women’s Weekly
But to be truly open-minded is to investigate even seemingly rigid, arid and authoritarian practices to discover if there is anything of value within. It’s about coming full-circle and getting past one’s preconceived beliefs about intellectual and spiritual freedom. It’s also about humbly recognizing the limits of the intellect and understanding how past and present influences may inform our preferences, thoughts and opinions.
Setting aside Machu Picchu, which was, WOW, Cusco was my favorite place in Peru. I loved Cusco so much, in fact, that it’s now one of my absolute favorite cities on the planet, right up there with Paris, Edinburgh, and San Francisco. High praise, for sure.
The third minor event of my morning was a kid wanting a story. "I can't read this," he told me, handing me a storybook, "I don't know the words." Okay; no sweat. I pulled up a chair, and before I knew it, five or six little boys had draped or arranged themselves around me and I was reading the horror that is Babar.
Fair enough. I have read a little of the wonders of quantum physics and the butterfly effect, and I agree with all that the report says about them, apart from the link to Astrology. “As above, so below”- a beautifully elegant quote, so expressive, and so completely wrongheaded. I love the acronym Great Organising Dynamic, even if I am not sure I agree, and find the expression attractive- even persuasive, had it been about anything else. The report says I belong to God: many Quakers actually put that into practice, but would disagree that God’s Will is expressed in an astrological chart. It states it is up to me: a Jupiter-Sun conjunct (where they appear close together) means optimism and vitality, but I have to realise them in my own life. Here, I begin to see a value in all this. I read good things about myself, feel better because of it, and then am told to go out and make them true.
Last week Zach was drawing a picture and asked me if Yasminah had feet. This may sound like an odd question to most, however we only had a few photos of Yasminah and none of them included her feet.
Let’s add a last interesting thought. Remember the people out there, who have accurately, multiple times, known what future events will hold? You may even know a person who has done as such, or been one yourself…
Jinja was the cat who found all this of least interest. One of the reasons was probably that she's the smallest and thus have the shortest legs. So she got behind already when the kittens had crossed the road. She was also a little hesitant about this new territory. In the pic she's the little black dot to the left, feeling very lonely as the boys run up the hill, leaving her behind.
In the end we knew we couldn't get all the crap off my clothes and so I had to sheepishly go back to the wedding with everyone noticing. I put my head down, wrung my hands and said:
Things I am doing to prepare for David leaving :
Keeps for a week in the refrigerator.
I have never voted Tory, but I know how Tories think. It is because of that word, and because they do not yet have to confront the consequences of the greatest betrayal our nation has ever seen, they can contemplate voting for a man who would sack any member of his team expressing support for that great and rare Tory, Enoch Powell's views on immigration. This despite the fact that, within a generation from now, when Tory England has finally suffered the results of their actions, as they surely will, a Tory voter who does not support Powell's views on immigration will be a rarity indeed.
The police are being turned into a race-gestapo. Judge Mapherson began his investigation into the murder of Stephen Lawrence prejudiced against the police. With his mind already made up, he used British law as social engineering to mould the police into an anti-racist thought-police.
Seattle has Starbucks, Detroit has General Motors, and Portland has the McMenamins, a constellation of the funkiest places to drink beer in the world. Brothers Mike and Brian McMenamin began building the "kingdom" in 1974 with the purchase of the Produce Row Cafe in the industrial (and now hipster) Southeast. It wasn't exactly a false start, but after mixed success there, they tried again in '83 and bought a pub on 17th and Hawthorne they dubbed the Barley Mill Pub (named for a mill rescued from Cartwright, Oregon's first micro), and their luck changed.
Nice little pogo punk split release. The Dread also did a split with the Capitalist Casualties. My copy also came with a Godsquad sticker.
Hubby has always recommend this resort in Pattaya, I would say yes too if you have kids!
I come back out less than an hour later and my smokes and my dad's 50 year old zippo are gone.
Someone is in love with me, head over heels
add tsp of cayenne pepper
Arugh... I really thought it'd be easier to post one photo each and everyweek...
all of it and more more more.
Anyway...back to Charlie... Since Jen was gone for the week and Jeremy had to work, Charlie came to stay with Grammy. I had so much to do but I'm telling you, there is nothing I wouldn't do for this child so everything else took a back seat to my little Smooshy! She is now almost 8 months old and just getting cuter and cuter. So much fun and so quick to smile. She's also becoming very mobile... crawling all over the place. She actually pulled herself up while she was in the pack and play so I had to take the top bed piece out. She had a bit of a cold while she was here and as much I hate her being sick I loved that she only wanted to be with Grammy at times when she was tired. Speaking of tired, I was worn out! This is why people my age don't have babies. Thank goodness for Grampy, Auntie Julz and Uncle Nate taking turns with Charlie, giving me a chance to make dinner, straighten up or just collapse! Special props to Julz who had Charlie just screaming with laughter. I wish I had been able to get video. Charlie and I were sitting on the bed and Julz would run and flip over and off the bed, jump up and say "Ta Da!" and Charlie would just crack up... Julianne is so smitten with this child. She said "I would do ANYTHING to make her smile." How adorable is that? And Charlie loves her right back. Here she is giving Auntie Julz baby kisses!
Blood, the very substance your body relies on to live, that is continually pumped through your body every second of every day, can also kill you, and it can kill quick, and if it doesn’t kill you quick, it will leave it’s ugly mark. You may be left unconscious…permanently, hooked up to a machine that breathes for you. You may regain consciousness, but not be able to speak, think, or walk the way you used to. You may have to relearn how to eat, change your clothes, or go to the bathroom. It doesn’t discriminate between young or old. Nor does it discriminate between those who are healthy from those who aren’t. It strikes without warning. One moment you’re eating dinner with your friend, talking about weekend plans, a second later you notice a sharp sudden headache, then everything goes black. Your life-if you live-will never be same. Nor will it be for your family or friends.
In the liturgical books of the Roman Catholic Church, this elaborate formula only survived (with slight alterations) in the Misereatur used in the publication of indulgences. (see above) and the Urbi et Orbi blessing of the Pope.
is going to announce the winner of my giveaway:
So here are some from the last few days.
I am waiting for the peace
He then follows this, almost perfunctorily, with a letter that explains the film's whole plot, because after a climax like that, there's not much to do but quickly wrap things up and call it a day. As Sir John reads this letter, the shadows of the circus crowd flit by on the wall behind him, giving the scene a weird, disconnected feeling, as though the hero has quietly tucked himself off in a corner, isolated from the chaos, to resolve the plot. It's fitting, too, that the film then ends with a curtain coming down on a theater's stage, a last playful touch that accentuates the artificiality of these dramatics.
This barn was threatened and saved from demolition in 1989, with negotiations resulting in an easement agreement between the Cottage Grove Historical Society and the property owner. The easement expired in 2010 and extension negotiations with the new owner have been unsuccessful. The new owner has assessed a fee of $130,000 for the barn with a small portion of land, or $30,000 for the signage, the latter being the price he believes he can fetch on eBay.
He talks about nations versus empires. "Empires consist of peoples of different religions, languages, cultures, races and nationalities," he said. "Nations are dominated by one group that makes up a majority of the population. Nations are inherently stable while empires are always unstable."
For my friends, the mothers of infants: May your child sleep through the night. May she be allergy-free. May he be an "easy baby".
POWER ON POWER OFF is now available at record store near you.
Amelie
When the turnstile did stop as I was in it, an elderly Palestinian gentleman (who saw the passport I was holding) said to me in English and in a kind voice ”You see how you suffer, how we suffer.” I knew he had seen me speaking to a German student in the line with us and assumed I was also a tourist (which is not necessarily untrue). He wanted to teach us foreigners something.
Oops I forgot to post yesterday, here it the pic anyways. Right beside my work a pop-up carnival came to town. I’m always looking for an opportunities to snap a picture, and this was just one I couldn’t pass up. The clouds were dramatic, it was about to rain so not many people were on the grounds. A Perfect opportunity to snap an over dramatic picture. I attempted to edit the picture in color, but oddly as much as I like colorful pictures, it was to much color. Maybe it was just dumb luck but I really liked the b&w versions mood much better.
It isn’t the same thing for Congolese adults of a certain age. Most are unfit. Though in urban areas some of them have the money to afford the few expensive gyms mostly patronized by expats, they won’t just go there. The habit hasn’t taken root yet, though President Joseph Kabila is fit and is known to be a motorcycle enthusiast. I was in Nairobi and, there, most professionals frequent gyms. But Kinshasa isn’t Nairobi; and those Congolese who are fit are younger and more often than not they are avid dancers. The typical young Congolese woman who dances is fit like this dancer of Werrason’s band (below photo) performing at Sfinks music festival in Belgium—though Werrason’s dancers have also a tough daily workout regimen that includes jogging.
11. Misty (2:45)
The nose is very difficult to describe in that it does have the usual Zealandian burst of roses and magnolia, but it does retain a heavy scent of raw chemical as in Ethyl Alcohol. Surprised by this retentivity, I actually had to let it breathe for about 12-15 minutes before the nose was consistent and pleasant. The reason that it shocked me so much is that it is sealed with a screw cup as opposed to natural or synthetic cork. But this little pre-shaped metal cap actually did a decent job of what it's intended to do.
My soil sample was finally dry enough to package up and send off to be tested. Hopefully when I get the results, I'll know what kind of soil amendments to make for the raised garden bed. Can't wait to get that going!!
Well, it has been nearly 2 years since my last update. Nobody probably cares about this, but I am still trading Forex successfully, but a few things have changed.
And then he made his first mistake.
~ Visit at least 3 others and leave a comment.
1180 D-II/26/1994. “J. William Hayton (1926-1994).” Memorial Service, First Presbyterian Church, Evanston, Illinois. See Item D-III/17/1962, above. See, also, John A. Murley, Robert L. Stone, and William T. Braithwaite, eds., Law and Philosophy: The Practice of Theory (Athens, Ohio: Ohio University Press, 1992), p. iv.
The beautiful premise, the lovely cover, the engaging plot and the two hot guys lurking around makes my reading so fun and enjoyable. This is one of those books that is gripping and very hard for me to put down.
And next week I get to go to the oldest city in North America, St. John's, Newfoundland with an eye to moving there or near there in July. I am so excited I could burst. I've been told I'll get get sick of the weather. I've been told, the fog will drive me crazy. It's crowded, and omg the crime rate is crazy now!
Andrew Lang, in whose ‘Book of Dreams and Ghosts’ I came across this tale, adds a postscript sent to him by a friend: the words of an old lady, ‘a native of Braemar’, who ‘left the district when about twenty years old and who has never been back’. Lang’s friend had asked her whether she had ever heard anything about the Sergeant’s murder, and when she denied it, he told her the story as it was known to him. When he had finished she broke out:
(Take notes, there will be a quiz later.)
Then with a loud snap! the whole area lit up like a Christmas tree. Everyone involved covered their eyes as they silently counted down the seconds in which the Shock charge would finish doing its job, before they began theirs.
"Is God out sick today?"
Yup, I’m ready to take a trip; finally hit retirement age and now I’m free to go. I’ve always dreamed of an inter-galactic tour. You know, pack my bags, journey to another galaxy, and explore the universe. The only thing is I’m not allowed to travel. I have a medical condition. I am infested with human-lice. Yup-yup-yup and I’ve tried everything to get rid of them.
For I'm to be Queen o' the May, mother, I'm to be Queen o' the May."
the primrose and blooms.
22. Bossa No Praia (Beach Samba) - Walter Wanderley
Mr Whyte expelled from the sport for life.
The only quibble I have is that the strength has been reduced — down to 5.0% from the old strength of 6.0% in bottle. I suppose this is excessive caution on the part of the pub company, who don’t want people downing six pints of it and throwing up behind the Christmas tree, but it does mean that it is rather more watery than the unctuous bottled version.
As our expression
There are several ways this could be done, of course, including a bookstore signing, a signing or event at another facility, or a party at your home. For CHRONAL ENGINE, we had a public party and signing at BookPeople and a private reception at our house. We chose to split the event so we could have something open to the public but also be able to celebrate with members of the immediate community (I will talk about a launch party/reception in a subsequent post).
about little kids whose mommies and daddies didn't have enough money to buy them presents.
I DO belong . . . . . . HERE.
Keep it royal queenies!
The only authors still pursuing legacy deals are:
I suppose the clean minded. The righteous. The pure of heart, still think of moist sugary sweetness when they hear the term muffin top. But I'll confess. a cynical, wise cracker like myself thinks of cellulite and too small clothes when i hear muffin top.
6. Hypnobabies classes are still going really well. In addition to the self-hypnosis tracks we have to practice with at home, I have to listen to a 'joyful pregnancy' affirmations CD everyday, and that has been incredibly helpful. It's basically just 30 minutes of positive thoughts about pregnancy and childbirth that you can repeat in your head. I usually listen to it when I'm taking a bath and it's been great to have that time each day to relax and think only positive thoughts. "Pregnancy is natural, beautiful, and safe"..."My baby is growing and developing perfectly"..."I am confident in my body and my ability to give my baby everything he or she needs"...Slowly but surely, I am really starting to believe these things and it feels really good.
These two things that can be measured have a shape on the Cartesian graph. Each frequency is a coordinate on the graph, multiple frequencies = multiple graph coordinates = a pattern to match.
Does this remind you of anything?
At the beginning of 2011 I gave myself a challenge to try something new every day. This was intended to get me out of a creative rut; but it ended up doing much more.
My new buddy turned to me as we walked and introduced herself as "Amy, but that's A. I. M. E. E." She went on to tell me the names of everyone else in the dorm, but at that point I really didn't care. All that I cared about was how I was going to get out of there.
The really chilling fact about this story is that his persecutors are the online commenters in Saudi. Some 30,000 tweets, mostly condemning him, came within 24 hours. A Facebook group has been set up to demand Kashgari's punishment (and Facebook has not taken it down). There are 20,000 members already. Some bloggers, it's true, have defended him; but they too have been threatened by the more orthodox contingent.
The Jennifer Morgue — a novel, set around 3 years after The Concrete Jungle
Two weeks of strike action, 6,000 leaflets handed out, 48 articles (and counting) written about us, two BBC radio interviews, hundreds of letters in support, countless hours of labour, nine journalists.
2. Installed a hammock! One of our favorite things about the new house is the backyard and all the fruit trees that we have. Someone gifted us a great hammock when we first moved in and the first weekend of spring seemed like a good time to install it. With the afternoon breeze and the shade of the fruit trees, swaying in the hammock was nothing short of heaven. Needless to say, once we went out there, there was no going back indoors. My niece was still with us and we all had a picnic, hoola hooped, played games and had a truly wonderful afternoon outdoors.
When playing games of hide and sleep.
Ma though, she weren’t having any. She was off down those steps waving her stick, making sure she got to him first.
Burnt Umber
The Undertaker is coming off what is now his annual, year-long vacation after he was basically carried out of last year’s WrestleMania match against Triple H. Triple H spends more time wearing suits than wrestling these days. And Shawn Michaels hosts hunting shows pretty much all the time since retiring two years ago. So do I think that so much inactivity will lead to a lackluster performance? HELL NO! You have three of the top names in the business today on the grandest stage of them all. The Undertaker basically lives for WrestleMania now. He is 19-0 (a streak that really means nothing because we know this is all pre-determined right?) and looking to make it an even 20!
Love Caroline xx
So, we got to thinking. What would we say to that person? What if it was a kid, desperately trying to make it through tough years of intolerance and ignorance? What if it were a person who might never stumble across the amazing voices speaking for autism acceptance? What if that person thought himself all alone? What would we say about the present? What would we say about the future? What would we say about happiness? And hope?
Civet – Unctuous secretion painfully scraped from a gland very near the genital organs of civet cats. Used as a fixative in perfumes. Alternatives: (See alternatives to Musk.).
Maybe you are used to the marshmallow covered sweet potato "pie" served so often served at Thanksgiving, maybe you like your sweet potatoes baked and topped with sweet cinnamon butter. These sweet potatoes are usually whipped with cream or butter and then topped with sugar or marshmallows and baked. The result, a dish that could pass for dessert disguised as a side dish.
The learning walk ended in my office with a debriefing at which we discussed take-aways and insights. We concurred that we were surprised by how much one can learn from even a five minute visit to a classroom. We remarked on how important it is to utilize prompts to formulate nonjudgmental questions and wonderings. We noted that the learning walk supported us to consider what we can change in our own practice in order to enhance learning. We recognized how enlightening it is to observe classes at each grade level, K-5.
We go to the zoo to look at amazing animals and all they do is stare at each other ;)
A Pirate Girl’s Treasure: An Origami Adventure by Peyton and Hilary Leung ($18.95, Kids Can Press) that uses the Japanese art of folded paper sculptures combined with a story about a girl whose pirate grandfather sends her a treasure map. This, too, is for the pre-schooler or very early reader, aged four and up. Parents of twins will welcome Take Two! A Celebration of Twins by J. Patrick Lewis and Jane Yolen, illustrated by Sophie Blackall ($16.95, Candlewick) may have something to do with the fact that Lewis is a twin. It is filled with facts about all things “twin”, fraternal, identical, and record-setting, all told with poetry. Daisy’s Perfect Word by Sandra V. Feder and illustrated by Susan Mitchell is a great introduction to independent reading and the joys of playing with language. As a longtime writer, I am biased, but the gift of reading and writing is one of the best a parent can pass along to any youngster.
Rimmel London Last Finish Lipstick in Amethyst Sparkle
Maximize your profit by checking out this show!
But I'm on the run from these chains
Josh: Can you just be a robot?
(You might have to bring the wound yarn in through the circle to untangle it.) This will make a slanted winding around the bangle. Ch 8 again and repeat as before till you cover the entire bangle. Sl St to the 1st sl st made and fasten off . Weave in the tail along the chain itself.
* A proposed media tribunal
A pizza garden is so easy to make. All you need to do is to plant a few small Italian herbs in a pot. My favorites include: thyme, rosemary, oregano and basil. You can add whatever else you like, but these are beautiful planted together. It can be kept simple. I purchased a planted herb garden at Trader Joe's for $6.99. This pot included three out of the four herbs I was wanting to include.
“Well . . .” I hesitated. If I wanted her to commit to any extra work out- side her busy schedule at school—not to mention work alongside her mother—I had to make this really great. “It would be about women as leaders,” I continued, “a mother-daughter investigation into leadership styles and structures.”
Monster Laboratory for Halloween.
which sums up everything & nothing
There has been a lot of goodness over the last few days. I feel stuffed with gratitude and joy!
I'll replace the photo as soon as I make mine. Just wanted you to see it..
From the very first episode, I hoped that she and "Nick" would someday get together (anyone else with me?!), and it seems a bit obvious that that's where the show will go. Schmidt has turned out to be a hilarious character, too! So, you can imagine when I realized that he had a guest spot on my favorite show, Gilmore Girls!!!
other communicable diseases
even sundials, all those compulsive timepieces
And yes, I asked really awkward questions about his sexuality for the next hour, but he assured me that he was into GIRLS. I still wonder about that, to this day…
Bristlecone pine chronologies were used to re-calibrate the radio carbon dating process.
What do I do with these children? It's really, really hot.
Also... I didn't know about the Japanese camps in America. I hadn't realized we did that. What I learned about World War II and the Japanese is centered around Pearl Harbor and the atomic bombs, lots of stories and details surrounding them, enough for me to say "enough!" and not ask any more questions. I knew there was more I didn't know... but I had no idea about camps in America.
In his mind,
To me race has nothing to do with nothing. People are good or bad at what they do all from hard work and a gift from God. The color of a humans skin has no factor in anything but ignorant thoughts from others.
My Prayer
If discipleship does not occur in our sphere of influence and relationships, then we will be hard pressed to live out what Jesus said was our mission on this earth. He said to “Go, and Make Disciples!”
In 1850 George Malcolm was trading as a “spirit dealer”, in the language used at the time, at 14 Howard Street. By 1851 he appears to have moved down to No. 6 and has acquired an “& Co.”
And a few more "sweet" things for you this Monday morning...I love browsing on pinterest looking for those fun inspirational prints/posters. I love things like that. Here are a few things that got me inspired and made me feel good this morning...hope it does the same for you!
Luckily though, Isaac and I decided to drive down to Federal Way, a town we hadn’t yet explored, and one that is only about 15 miles away. As we usually do before such an adventure, we Googled the town to see what interesting things it has to offer.
As I noted over at Examiner, the Grammys have changed their policy on dance music so that only DJs and electronic artists like Skrillex, David Guetta and Afrojack are eligible. The change is good for those guys, but not so good for Gaga, Spears and Rihanna, who have all been shifted to the Pop field. That means fewer nominations for all of them.
Elvis was now a rebel – and he was embraced as such. In the 50’s Elvis appeared to be a rebel, but his army stint and the 60’s movies confirmed Elvis was in fact, establishment.
1150 **D-X/24/1992. “Prophecy and Statesmanship.” Conference on the Evangelization of the American Southwest, The University of Dallas, Irving, Texas. (Incorporated in Item C-1993(2), pp. 113-21.)
Reuben: God, Jesus Christ!
The final fight is visceral; witnessing the chaos hundreds of men fighting for their lives, dashing around from one set piece and awesome battle to the next packs a punch. It might have been exhausting and confusing except everything is well paced, with a flow that works well with the director’s choice of shots, especially when hand held camera and over the shoulder shots put you in the thick of the fighting, intercutting between each of the assassins as they wage their desperate fight against overwhelming odds.
Right now, I cannot believe we are still sitting outside in shirtsleeves; the glow over the hills lights up the skyline, a magnificent silhouette. Tomorrow maybe we'll walk on the hills, or drive over them into Ledbury (another favourite spot). Saturday there's a farmer's market, and new caravans to see (we don't want or need a new one). I plan to work on my map-trail journal if I have time, and then Sunday ... not sure yet. I'm just not used to having so much spare time. It is almost dark, pinpricks of light emerge along the hills; a robin sings in a thorn tree. Acquaintances from the Caravan Writers' Guild have just arrived, and Raymond suggests we force down the bottle of cheap Cava that has been chilling in the fridge. Good idea, for it's too dark now to see the keyboard. Tomorrow is another day.
The Rock Star right handed relievers are Steve Reed and TBD?
In prison, you get your own personal toilet.
What do my friends really think of me?
until a phone call from 400 miles away..........
No matter how much Relda talked during the day, when the day was over, it was time to put Relda away. And Relda always lay limp, requiring my attention to be anything more than lifeless. In order for Relda to work, I had to spend my life trying to give life to something that could never have it.
And that the instruction manual is unfathomably translated from mandarin.
An Ipad,
Sauerkraut:
- Brooklyn Democratic boss Vito Lopez garnered more than 88 percent of the vote and was reelected to his Bushwick Assembly seat Tuesday -- even though he's under federal investigation. Daily News
“There’s a mighty big piece of country in between here and the Rio Grande.”
So I decided to go with something a bit more exotic since the dress for some reason reminds me of the jungle.
The place is so modern, so new, so oddly located, so shiny and so deeply design-daahling, it’s the antithesis of your prototypical Paris hotel.
We had our differences, but John first showed me his true colors as a brother, as a brother who said, “Yes, I am brother’s keeper,” when, as teenagers, one night a good friend of mine and I had – let’s just say “some people over.” My parents were out, and the people were over, then they left, and my parents came home; I was sleeping. The lights came on in my room and my father wanted to know what this earring was he’d found on the floor. And John, who was then a senior in high school and had a little more gravitas, blithely said, “Oh, I had so-and-so over and she must’ve left it here.” –I don’t know if you knew that, Dad, but—
I love to read YA Paranormal stories (if you haven't figured that out yet, lol). Lucky for me, the ebook world seems to be jammed packed with fantastic, young adult, paranormal writers. My new goal for my blog is to feature a new and wonderful read by YA indie paranormal authors that I love each week. Some of these authors I have have never met, some I have had to pleasure to chat with on the internet and some I have had the pleasure to meet in person.
elegantly explained by Alexander R. Galloway in “What is a Hermeneutic Light?,” Leper Creativity: Cyclonopedia Symposium, eds. Ed Keller, Nicola Masciandaro, and Eugene Thacker (New York: punctum books, 2012), 159-72.
30. Your summer? commencing
12.) Top with approx ¼ cup of chicken pot pie mix
The out-of-touch fringe of right-wing climate change sceptics is a dangerous and expensive drag on climate action, but it needn't be that way
I finally got around to hanging the plates in our guest room:
Welp, that’s all for today. See you next week ^_^.
funny how god works..
Taking cover from behind a railing David looked further down the hill from his camouflaged position seeing an adult woman carrying a toddler and a boy in his late teens tagging close behind her. They were walking along an old game trail that he knew several miles back came very close to the main road. While watching the three people approach David knew from their cheap clothes and desperate looks they were at best Working class citizens. He silently cursed the construction company that built his shelter for not fully concealing his deck from any trespassers coming from that direction, it was a huge violation of his rights as a Prime.
12. This Is This - Weather Report / 7:09
with a small succulent. If you plant
"I am NOT judging. I'm making fun of them." - Kay
a significant rise in intelligence as well as heart opening, together.
If I say I loved Gina,
They are flanked, in almost perfect triangular symmetry, by the slumped figures of the desperate. Sitting on the steps, curled semi foetally into themselves, heads bowed with eyes staring unseeingly at the cold marble beneath them, they hold their arms up offering a plastic cup in supplication and hope of some loose change from passers by.
4. Surabaya Zoo
Yesterday morning, the morning of Christmas Eve, my mother’s cousin died at home in Scotland.
Who perished by my own consent
Over the past couple of years I’ve become acutely aware of the fact that I lack a great deal of common know how. I’ve always excelled at school, at one point in my life I could even do Vector Calculus, but when it comes to simple tasks such as folding my clothes without getting them wrinkled, I’m about as useful as a porn magazines for Stevie Wonder.
Jerel Law has set out to do something similar. No doubt spurred on to write the "Son of Angels" series because of the popularity of magic series like J. K. Rowlings' Harry Potter and Rick Riordan's Olympians, Law has begun a series of magical beings, only instead of good and bad witches or the traditional Greek gods and demigods, he's created an epic battle between good and evil by using God's angels and Satan's minions, centering the action around two siblings who are both descendants of fallen angels. SPIRIT FIGHTER is the first of this series, and I had the opportunity to review a copy direct from Thomas Nelson publishers.
Results By County
And speaking of that birthday, this year I turn 30! The big Three-Oh. A few weeks ago, I felt that flutter in my stomach, the nervousness, the voices of society telling me where I should be a this moment in my life.
My three main inspirations were as follows:
What is the background to this then you may ask?
Although skeptics and scholars have been exploring the concept of the “historical Jesus”, that is the “real” Jesus behind the figure in the Gospels, for some time now, few have been willing to examine the “historical Mohammed“. Most likely the reason for this has been a combination of fear and the simple lack of solid historical information on the early years of Islam. The investigator of early Christianity has the advantage, first that no church will issue a fatwa calling for his death, no matter how skeptical he is, and second, although historical information about Jesus of Nazareth outside the New Testament is rather scanty, we actually know quite a lot about first century Judea. The early Christians lived in a relatively literate culture and the earliest writings about Jesus were produced within a generation of his death. The same cannot be said of the early Moslems, who lived in a largely illiterate backwater. As far as anyone can tell, the Koran did not take shape until several decades after Mohammed’s death. The earliest writings about Mohammed were not written until more than a century later. The first biography of Mohammed was written by Ibn Ishaq about 130 years after his death. The Hadiths were not written down until about 200 years after his death. So, there is not much information available to confirm or reject the tradition Islam view of Mohammed’s life and teachings. Added to that, scholars who inquire too closely or skeptically about such matters are apt to find their lives in danger, and the Saudi government seems determined to see that no archaeological evidence of Mohammed’s time survives.
By Sheila Bair : washingtonpost.com – excerpt
UL listed; 1-year Limited Manufacturer's Warranty
Ok chaps and kitties, I've been off for an awful long time. Truth is, i've bumped into one too many numpties this past month, and far from being the lovable Mad Aunt B, I've turned into an Aunt Vom replica. Most worrying, although much fun until you get arrested by East Sussex cozzers for interfering with the fence at Monkey World.
Flat Height : 3.5"
Because the others had departed.
See full article at ShockYa »
Adler ID. Spermatogenesis and mutagenicity of environmental hazards: extrapolation of genetic risk from mouse to man. Andrologia 2000; 32: 233-237.
The inability to give or show gratitude is a mark of disfigurement, a kind of spiritual leprosy. One who can neither give nor receive can never enter into a relationship of grace, a covenant of love. The leper who returned to Jesus to say “thanks” enters into a relationship with God.
ME: Dude, you are worse than I am at this and it's your native language.
**According to this site, the Quartodeciman’s were the ones who calculated, not Easter, but Christ’s crucifiction to the Jewish Passover, and the site then states “Those who continued to keep Easter with the Jews were called Quartodecimans (14 Nisan) and were excluded from the Church.”. So, those who follow the BIBLE’s date of Christ’s death were excluded from the church!
Or the government mechanisms that make the insurance companies whose cost you complain about so much possible in the first place.
When You regarded me,
I’ve spent many hours walking in the desert during the past few months, which has given me plenty of time to contemplate grief, life, death and anything else that comes to mind. One thought that filtered through my mind was the idea that when my mate died, I split in two. The me that shared a life with him is grieving still, while the other me, the one who was born with his death, continues to live and grow. As long as I am in the person of this second me, I do fine — I’m strong, in control of my emotions, looking forward to what comes to me in life. The problem is that I keep slipping over to the other me, the grieving me, and when I do, the grief is as new as it was when it first hit me. The task is to reconnect the two parts — both the grieving me and the new me.
I sprinted waddled after him and my eyes widened in horror as I saw three women in their 50s who had been waiting at the taxi stand across the street ALSO sprinting for it. These women KNEW I was in labor and they SAW me running for it and STILL, they went for it anyway. They beat us to the cab and got in. At that point, something in me snapped. Something primal and bigger than myself. That cab was MINE and those bitches were going to GET THE HELL OUT OF IT. NOW. I can safely say this is the first act of maternal love I acted on, where NOTHING in the world could have stopped me from getting my baby safely to the hospital. IN. THAT. TAXI. As I approached the cab, I threw myself on the back door and started pounding, screaming and crying as loud as I could (in French) "I AM IN LABOR! I NEED THIS CAB!! WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS TO ME?? WHAT KIND OF PEOPLE ARE YOU???!!! REALLY???? REALLY??!!! YOU ARE SAYING NOOO??? I AM IN LABOR!!! I AM A PREGNANT WOMAN IN LABOOOOR!!!!!" It was Oscar worthy and it caused the kind of public scene and humiliation I had hoped for. The women finally BEGRUDGINGLY opened the door and proceeded to argue with us saying "Just call the firemen!! Why should WE get out of the cab?? It's not what taxis are FOR!", etc. etc. As if THIS weren't enough, we then had to talk the taxi cab driver into TAKING us to the hospital as she started arguing that she didn't want problems, didn't want me to give birth in the back of her cab, etc. After FB pleaded with her and she was satisfied I wouldn't "cause any problems", we were allowed in and FINALLY took off for the hospital.
Flowers on the hillside, bloomin’ crazy
-Punk fights off Jericho on the top and hits the Macho Man elbow for a 2 count.
02 - Flirtin' With Disaster 05:01
Pre-heat oven to 180C. Grease your cookie sheet or baking tray.
Bella as you know was spayed last week,
Cry with you
Hey, there! So sorry this is so stinking late! It has been a crazy week, and it's only Tuesday...whew! But the winner of my "I'm So Lucky" Blog Hop Grand Prize Candy is
Peace off!
8 ounces chocolate cookies
I opened up my inbox today to discover an e-mail with the subject: “Win a washing machine worth £2500.”
AFFORDABILITY
Repeat rows 7 and 8 three times alternating them.
looking towards their jobs rather than that of the people. Certainly the plight of the working class has not been addressed if anything they have been purposely marginalised, robbed of the ability to garner a decent wage and scorned by the elites of this country, as a rule the working class have been belittled, disparaged and demeaned, to such an extent that many now have no self-respect and that bastion of our nations strength exemplified by the worker and his estate, the worker the very backbone of this country, his living space now merely a battleground, a conflict zone, no longer a community, now merely a place in which one must survive.
Party at Sky Vault (15)
and I try it on again and Stephanie is like
Rick Dacri of human resources consulting firm Dacri & Associates in Kennebunkport says many organizations are looking more at a freelance-style work force. Rather than hire employees full time and incur the cost of benefits, office space and other things, they are looking to hire people on a project-by-project basis.
Blended out on the skin, my skin immediately feels soft and moisturized, and the primer leaves an amazing subtle pearly sheen to the skin. I REALLY like this product!!! I can see myself using this under foundation, or alone as a highlighter to certain areas of my face. It does have pretty good staying power and makes my skin look very nice! Impressed with this!
I took this photo with lighting from my lamp so please excuse the poor lighting and grainy quality.
This weekend Sean's mom, Joanne, came to Chicago along with his sister, Megan, our niece, Ellie, and our nephew, John, to celebrate her birthday with us. As usual, we had a blast all weekend long with the fam!
I started smokin weed in 8th grade. Because of wrestling, I didn’t smoke cigarettes but after the goon (Dr.) at the E.R. insured me I’d never wrestle again, all I had was my loud obnoxious mouth and my sense of humor to help cope with such a devastating loss of a part of my life.
In this first post I will discuss how to break a workflow in steps. One of the most annoying things in any application is data entry. No one likes filling forms especially long ones. I will discuss in another post how to make effective and user friendly forms.
Situated on Surf Avenue and West 5th Street, this enormous elephant made of pine and tin — often referred to as the Coney Island Elephant — burnt down on Sept. 27, 1896. The five people inside at the time of the blaze were safely guided to safety by Howard Wilson, the watchman at the nearby Sea Beach Palace.
I don't know exactly how He is going to do it, but He is going to keep me now and forevermore.
Next adventure: Trying to talk our oversized suitcase of medical supplies past the airport people and through customs one last time. Wish us luck.
After being out of sync for so long...i am hoping to get it together and share more on here.
I don’t want to fail and start harming myself again.
After a long run, the last thing you may want is a big meal. Smoothies are great for runners, as they pack in the carbs and protein for muscle repair. But beware, bottled brands are often low in minerals and vitamins, so why not try and blend your own!
Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Corbett said he is confident a budget will get passed on time, but pension reform has been added to the list of issues to tackle.
In Segovia, never miss a cochinillo meal at no less than Meson de Candido. They didn’t build a monument for Candido for nothing. It’s only a half hour AVE train ride from Madrid. The cochinillo, the cathedral and the Alcazar are good enough reasons for a day out to Segovia.
What are some your favorite Springtime foods? Are there any cuisines you like to take inspiration from for Spring?
Ginger Honeycomb, Ice Grey 1 & 3, Soft Peach
6. Place the cutout cupcake top, and press down a bit. *If desired, before adding cupcake top, sprinkle cutout top with powdered sugar.
At the insistence of Lord Dalhousie, the transfer of the Koh-i-Noor’s ownership to the British rulers was included in the Treaty of Lahore. Dalhousie’s initiative wasn’t met with universal approval – there were those that felt it should have been a gift, and there were those that felt that a cursed stone shouldn’t have been given to their queen at all. But to Dalhousie, it was part of the spoils of war – just as it had been for centuries. The new Maharaja, Duleep Singh, presented it to Queen Victoria in 1850. The stone became a centerpiece of the Great Exhibition in London in 1851.
In the evening I toured the school we'll be moving in to next year. The space if significantly smaller and the building doesn't have an amazing East River view anymore. On the plus side, I'll have a 0.3 mile commute to work if I stay in the same apartment.
VI: DRAFT BEERS: OUR LIQUID, DAILY BREAD, ON TAP AT RICH O’S AND SPORTSTIME.
With your purchase Connie will also put your name in for her giveaway of a beautiful Scentsy warmer and 3 bars of wax. Another one of my favorite indulgences!
That’s when it hit me. I knew what had happened.
I had them when I lived in the city (Albuquerque)
Now to somehow find some time during the week so I can sit and play!
For example, here's one I'll never forget:
Until next time, take care of yourselves. And each other. Especially you, Skippy.
I am sorry to say, but I had forgotten a lot of these had passed. Like Dennis Hopper, wow! When did that happen?
years later, my parents – before my mom left – would convince themselves that derek had been the bad one. the one to transform me from a happy child to a depressed, angry layabout. i wish they had been right. that would have been a great start on my road to well-being. i wish i could tell them that derek had saved my life, before i had any idea how fucking awful life could get.
I know that a lot of people just come and go but some people stayed with me from the very start till now and I hope that they will stay even more. I don’t know all of my subscribers but I know quite a lot and when they say good words about my blog posts or some creative stuff I do my heart fills with soft little bubbles and I look like that:
Using emergency powered radios and working with local agencies, the hams will have only a few hours to create extensive radio communication networks which can be used should there be a failure or overload of normal services. The hams' ability to get back "on the air" quickly is critical following major incidents. In addition, the ham radio operators provide "interoperability". This means they can pass information between the many government and volunteer agencies which are needed in disasters but often have incompatible communication systems.
not only in terms of my own experience
War, however, is the lifeblood of the profits of the military/security complex, and war is the chosen method of the neoconservatives for achieving their goal of American hegemony.
This evening Hazel and I arrived in heavy rainfall at Hayling Island Sailing Club but this did not dampen the good humour of this social gathering!
Through the stories of highway killers, we see how the “killer on the road,” like the train robber, the gangster, and the mobster, entered the cast of American outlaws, and how the freeway—conceived as a road to utopia—came to be feared as a highway to hell.
Yo pun, pick me up, come to queens with us
“Adam,” he replied confidently.
Can't Take a Hint by The Western Starlanders
She is a legend, well-known and respected for her unique vision and her signature style. The images are soft, romantic, melancholic, timeless, and bring together the powerful ingredients of fairytale darkness, beauty and tragedy. MAGICAL!
Kitchen: Minor Remodel Job Cost: $19,588 Resale Value: $14,120 Cost Recouped: 72.1%
That I don’t belong
Story blurb: Fiction writer Logan Brandish is perfectly happy in his peaceful small-town routine with his best friend, his cat, and his boyfriend—until he meets the editor of his next book, the handsome Brock Kimble, and the lazy quiet of everyday living goes flying out the window. Faced with real passion for the first time, Logan becomes restless and agitated, and soon his life and his new manuscript—a work in progress he’d always thought would be completed—are in a shambles.
Day 6, Part 2
We wish you the best of luck with everything and will continue to keep you in our prayers.
There’s an emptiness inside her
Mix together rice flour, gram flour, urad dal flour, Ajwain and Seasmae seeds, salt, chilli powder and Butter.
Today, a massive parcel arrived, full of the winter clothes I ordered for my kiddies last week.
Inspiral Carpets Saturn 5 UK
Ebooks will be the end of the hard copy, self publishing is the ruination of quality publishing, Amazon is a Mafia construct employing a cartel… the war continues. Can’t we all just get along? London book Week featured heavily on China, so, maybe it should be Chinese Book Week. Some people were not happy about the China thing, because it featured only some of the authors, according to some Chinese expert. I think he was called Som Ting Wong. Only some?… Have you seen how many people there are in China? London Book Week featured only some of the UK authors – I wasn’t featured. I didn’t go and kick in a window.
This gave me a clean picture of the texture of the model and easily defined the bright areas. But it was too clean!! I mean, this thing should be dirty. And not just “mud dirty”. It´s skin should look old, even though we use quite bright colors due to the small size of the minis.
To get mysewlf back in the swing of things, I thought it’d be a good idea to look at what I’ve ‘missed’, give a quick comment on it and start afresh. Ready? Click on for more.
Nevertheless, late last year the 3 year statutory period on investigations ran out and the money is now believed to have been accessed by the account holders.
to the spectacular art nouveau copula in Galleries La Fayette
One morning when I was the opening manager, I hopped online and took the Certified Beer Server exam. Fifteen minutes and three cups of coffee later, I was a Certified Beer Server. It felt good, empowering, to know that I just put my knowledge to the test and proved to myself and my peers that I had the goods. Instantly I wanted more, though. There was a certain mystique and allure to the next (and at the time, highest) level of the Cicerone Certification Program. It seemed almost unattainable, and a challenge I wasn't sure I had what it took to complete. So I set to the task of developing my beer knowledge by reading, home brewing, and most importantly, drinking beer. Over the next year I worked hard at training my pallet to be able to indentify off-flavors, notice subtle nuances in beer aroma and flavor (all of the background notes), and learning more about the origins of beer styles. At times I felt dizzy with information, saturated with original gravities, cities of origin, food and beer pairing. It was the first time in my life that I ever had the zeal to study for an exam, to actually soak up knowledge, the first time chemistry and biology made sense to me. (Where were you in high school, Cicerone?!) Then in November, 2009, my time had come.
24And the LORD commanded us to do all these statutes, to fear the LORD our God, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day.
He said: "The owner of the back-up premises was warned to cancel and not tell us till the last minute." Choudary, 43, said it exposed "a burning hatred" against Islam but vowed the seminar will take place.
* Maintaining a close gap while chasing under drift conditions helps to win that pass.
"They tend to experience alienation from their own value systems and the main reason for this is because they had great expectations of the new South Africa and these expectations are not being met.
Burwash
This first piece stood (and still stands) in front of our old house in Orkney. It was made in situ in slate by artist and friend Callum Whitelaw who lived in Orkney at the time. In addition to it's height a hose was built into the sculpture so that water could ripple down the structure, changing the colour of the slate and catching the light. If I could have put this on a pallet and brought it with us to our new garden I would have.
I marvel that ye are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel: Which is not another; but there be some that trouble you, and would pervert the gospel of Christ. But though we, or an angel from heaven, preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. As we said before, so say I now again, If any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed. For do I now persuade men, or God? or do I seek to please men? for if I yet pleased men, I should not be the servant of Christ.
422500 Farm product raw materials
I hope you love all the goodies I've shown you today. And I hope you are inspired to create some goodies of your own. Keep it simple...add a few fun details....and just enjoy the good times. Have a great day, my friends.
I really hope May goes better. Just two months until I get to meet my girl!
I love the draft because most years, I leave with the feeling that my team is better as a result (history shows otherwise). I just don’t think it’s fair to judge how well a team drafted for at least three years. Let’s wait until the players actually put on pads and a helmet before we determine if they screwed up or not.
a few. My husband is one. He does more for others
LoadedWordPress is designed with social media marketing, internet marketing, blogging, search engine optimization and wordpress in mind. It offers a quick and easy setup wizard which will walk you through all the important elements of you new site. Choose from their pre-defined layouts, pre-configured themes. Plus pre-configured "Widgets" that includes content blocks, images, social network icons/links, recent posts, popular pages, photo gallery, RSS feed content, twitter/facebook feed, tag cloud, contact form, newsletter, additional menus, polls, links, or anything else you may want on your website.
“Where’s our fly swatter?”
Dry roast the spices one by one and roast grated coconut along with curry leaves if using, let cool for 5 minutes. Grind cooled species including coconut into a very fine powder and keep aside.
Think lilac! forget that Dior says black and rust.
of God’s cloth, a weaving without beginning, without end.
There was a short pause. Then Emily crooked her arm, inviting Sylvia to link up with her.
4 commands
Need more help? Here is a list of a bunch of links about corporal punishment, and why it is unnecessary, ineffective, and harmful to the child and the parent-child relationship.
Not just because of the fun rope swing...but also the soothing aqua color punched up with red accents. I have a blue bedroom, and I love how relaxing and comforting it makes the room feel.
The file reveals a wealth of illuminating and disturbing data on animal disease and death, and their potential, theoretical links to bacteriological warfare and sabotage by enemy nations and individuals.
"Even with a revising chamber, the legislation emanating from Westminster is regularly subjected to scathing judicial criticism. Is there any evidence at all that the standard of Scottish Parliament legislation is lower than that of Westminster legislation?"
Compared to the total number of activities other kids do I feel that my kids do a smaller quantity of things. Due to the long distance move this academic year what each person in our family does with our time has shifted. However even doing a small number of activities with formal organizations, it is difficult to do any one thing completely, what I'd call doing a thing well and thoroughly. It didn't seem to be this hard in the past. I don't know if the change is due to everything getting more intense and adding hours per activity or expanding the scope or if it is just typical change that happens when kids get older and their activities become more intense.
The longer I procrastinate on returning phone calls and emails, the more guilty I feel about it. The guilt I feel causes me to avoid the issue further, which only leads to more guilt and more procrastination. It gets to the point where I don't email someone for fear of reminding them that they emailed me and thus giving them a reason to be disappointed in me.
Congressman?
Paul Ehrlich, Bing professor of population studies at Stanford University in California and author of the best-selling Population Bomb book in 1968, goes much further than the Royal Society in London which this morning said that physical numbers were as important as the amount of natural resources consumed.
Good Grief…. I hope I don’t wake up from Surgery to the realization that I just had breast augmentation surgery…. thanks to Dad’s impassioned letter to my Surgeon…..
Proclamation No. 1064 does not violate the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Law. Private claimants further assert that Proclamation No. 1064 violates the provision of the Comprehensive Agrarian Reform Law (CARL) or RA No. 6657 barring conversion of public forests into agricultural lands. They claim that since Boracay is a public forest under PD No. 705, President Arroyo can no longer convert it into an agricultural land without running afoul of Section 4(a) of RA No. 6657, thus:
Step 15. You are still holding the working yarn to the right of your needles. Bring the yarn backwards, behind your work, and around the tip of the right needle, as seen above, ending with the yarn between the two needles.
Truth can be called error for only so long, and then it has a way of creeping back in as persistently as water seeps through a roof or light finds a way through the smallest crack in the door. Truth persists. If nothing else, the blind lawyer has forced the world to see the undying nature of truth. The blind lawyer was able to see the reality of Communist impotence. For Communism (or any totalitarian regime) to work, a certain view of reality must be imposed and enforced. Dissent cannot be allowed because by its nature it dispels the reality of the darkness. When light enters a room, darkness disappears. Thus, the light of dissent is, as the Germans would say, verboten in Communist countries.
Forgiving itself the body works only fleetingly but it will work, tethered to the plough…
JonTron. The other half of the founders of NormalBoots, (Ironic Espadrilles? Lazy Slippers? Vengeful Wellingtons?)and, well, I just don’t know what to say here. This guy is as much a comedic inspiration as he is fantastic. And that’s quite a lot. His videos are fresh and original, his content is genuinely funny (especially involving Jacques!!), and his choices of games for review are certainly varied to say the least. His most recent review, for Star Wars Kinect, actually had me in tears. To be honest, it’s his reviews that inspired me to feature “Gaming” on my blog at all (I tend not to talk about the fifteen gorillas on my back).
Mother Buffalo
If none of the ideas cheer me up, no one wins.
17.) Sex and the City
$500 sneakers for what?
Here are the rules.....
Beneath barely-read books, tubes of Carmex and crumpled up Kleenex, I found a pen and scrap paper in my bedside drawer. Recalling every ounce of music theory I managed to retain from college (which isn't much), I jotted down the words, notes & rythym. And happily, I fell back asleep.
Michael Emmett Brennan, 27, New York, N.Y.
The Other Side
“After feeling awful that a music town with such a history would rather have a dance DJ than live music, I thought, ‘What the hell. I got lemons. Let’s make lemonade,’” Watson writes in the CD liner notes.
I suppose that when it all comes down to it, I’m like this massive shattered jigsaw?!
What else is left, though, what remains in our genuine smile at the cub, is the nervous realization that there have been other moments in the history of capital in which one passed quickly from smirking afar at the goings-on to becoming that desperate subject struggling to go on or get by. (Therein the utter importance of a certain trajectory of horror literature in relation to thinking the history of human misery: not because it depicts things bestial or debased, retrograde or inhuman, infernal or machinic, but because - and think here of Cornell Woolrich's Nightmare Alley and its mouth full of hot chicken blood or Ballard's tales of those who are dimly aware, like the psychiatrist who has been reduced to a doddering imbecilic pseudo-father by the woman he tried to "cure" - of having once been the one who laughed at those in such a condition. Because those tied to and broken on fortune's wheel remember damn well what it was like to look at the poor bastards mangled below.)
Gold 3
I’m not saying I’ll never again use the boxed stuff – or the bouillon cube. I’m sure there are things that don’t require the rich buttery freshness of homemade stock. But I plan to always remember that a good recipe can be made great with the right ingredients. Some call BS on the whole ingredient-driven trend. I get that too. But that’s not because the quality of ingredients don’t matter. It’s because quality of ingredients should ALWAYS matter so much that there shouldn’t have to be an “ingredient-driven” classification.
This week’s episode is called iCan’t Take It. Let’s get on with this.
hospital visit” COULD have been due to the fact that my dad was already dead.) My husband told them to please go ahead & sue us. He told them he was a lawyer & would love to put the doctor on the stand to explain what he had done for my father at that visit. We never heard
This fiery, red-headed Brit has plagued Sabre and all that have to do with Dunder Mifflin. Not long after the Sabre Store got the kibosh, Nellie set out to follow the rest of the crew back to Scranton for god knows what reason. Her attitude seems inspirational but everything that comes out of her mouth invokes a gag reflex or confused look, and the folks at the Scranton branch are no fools to her ridiculousness. There seems to be an exuberant amount of Jim’s classic eye-contact to the camera and I have a feeling the rest of the office would gaze in agreement.
Then I thought to make it fun, I'd put some money into it, and give away prizes. Some other awesome bloggers came forward, donated their time and money toward prizes. The next year, a company donated a trip to Florida, and we had even more great people give up a pint of their blood for the cause.
The story of Keneally and Pfefferberg’s journey obtaining the first hand accounts of other survivors across the globe is told in Searching for Schindler, a story I found riddled with humor and sobering images. The journalistic aspect also fascinated me. Pfefferberg’s quick wit gets them out of many jams, including a run in with some stiff border patrol in Europe, in which Pfefferberg convinces a soldier that he may have a chance to get into the movie business by letting them through the check point.
A historical romance, dealing with shell-shocked/PTSD-suffering WWI veterans, class differences and homophobe behaviour in an organic manner. Carefully researched, mostly very realistically written and with characters who do have a journey.
Olive oil and seasoning
acoustic, I just wanted to have a thrash. There was this heavy
The Georgia Nicholson Diaries: This is a series of ten books by a comedian that are the diary of a teenager, and they are hilarious! I think they are meant to be read by adults who remember being that ridiculous, or who enjoy reading about how ridiculous teenagers can be, but they are also very popular with teenagers, and I don't think they get that. Oh well. Angus, Thongs, and Full-Frontal Snogging is the first book and shares Georgia's search for a sex god boyfriend, and her struggles with her parents and much younger sister. Hilarious, and very good for a light read.
as a swimmer...
After reading about her daily cleaning regime, my bi-weekly dust seemed to pale into insignificance, and somehow that spurred me on. I felt the need to not only clean, tidy and purge, but to pretty things up and finish my multitude of projects. So, achieved to the strains of Doris Day, here's what I have been up to this week:
Vile. Abominable. Abode of every evil and vice. Indeed, what woman could feel anything but “most unfortunate” when convinced of her sorry state of existence before the perfection that is held up as man? The querelle des femmes, and later the witchcraze, feature in the great debate about the nature of a woman: is she good (like Mary) or is she bad (like Eve)?
Here are a few pictures of the sparks that started the bonfire...
Step 4: The hardest part about this particular chair were these buttons. I bought hardware called Cover Button Refill. This allowed me to use the same fabric as the rest of the chair for my buttons. The hard part was putting the buttons on the chair. It would have been nice to have a super extra long needle with a very wide eye to string these buttons on, but we didn't have one and I don't even know if they exist, so we got creative. We used a long skinny screwdriver to stab through the thick chair. We then taped the button parts onto the screwdriver and pulled it back through to the back of the chair and into place. Hard work! If there is an easier way, I would love to know.
For boys it is even worse, all the media tells them is that they are useless and guilty, which of course is what their teachers told them they were.
Eyes Like Leaves is a secondary world fantasy in a land similar to ancient Ireland. The wizard Tarn and his mentor Puretongue, who have the ability to change shape, are attempting to defend their land against the forces of the Icelord, who wishes to bring an endless winter. So far, Tarn has met up with Carrie, a young woman unaware of her own magical abilities, and the two of them have been hotly pursued by various "stormkin." Meanwhile, Puretongue and another young protégé travel by sea to meet them.
It’s a 2012 Kia Rio5, right off the boat from Korea. My impression of Kia was they are cheap and unsafe, but this car is quite nice. It’s got all sorts of bells and whistles for electronics, does fantastic on gas and has a 5 star safety rating. To top it off, Kia has a FANTASTIC warranty.
As the lively ordeal came to termination, my dear god-
OMGoodness!!!!! This book really spoke to my heart about becoming "a wife after God's own heart"!
Salt and pepper- to taste
K I could not find a pic of the great Spader licking the injury site but here is a pic of the legs that so attracted him, being marred, scarred and broken from an accident (accidents play a central role in this movie)..
Living in a country where most are Catholics, everyone looks forward to the Holy Week as it means having the most awaited days off from work. Most of my fellowmen take advantage of this week to go out of town or visit other countries. In my case, I grew up in a family who chose to have quality time at home. When my paternal grandmother was still alive, we have our annual family reunion. We feast to healthy local delicacies that my grandma prepares for us. How I wish our family could revive this tradition in a better place. Having family reunions to a rest house in Tagaytay or even in Antipolo will do.
‘Yeah I bit into my burger and I suddenly had a very strong memory of being stood up for a date when I was sixteen by a girl who ended up with my best friend and broke my heart. I would have come and complained sooner but I’ve only just stopped crying.’
The next thing, is use the setting elements. C. L. Werner, no stranger to the Warhammer setting, provides us with characters who often suffer the mutating touch of chaos with some of the protagonist having a tentacle for an arm or iron nodes poking through their skin.
Put Your Cat Clothes on by Carl Perkins
I went home, opened the bag, fetched a small scoop and went to work on the first mound. After sprinkling, I followed the directions, poured the water and moved on to another mound. I repeated the procedure and went to another. After this mound, I returned to the first to see how what was happening. I was surprised by the result.
For the Turkey Steaks:
I broke my blue plate, so there will be no more blue plate special (aka: every single meal on that blue plate) but now we’re working with boring white plate. Sorry. 2 months guys, two months. Then I get my gnome plate back!
Sicko:just going to buy something ,nothing special.
For those five hours, and probably for the last time in his life, Richard Dansky allowed himself a bit of peace.
also have the right to access, without any discrimination, to
Within seconds, the group of ten people, all of whom I believe were related to this man, crowded around us, eager to get their photos taken with us. One person would take the picture, and then he or she would switch out with another person so that everyone could make sure they had their picture with us.
Dereregodzonga
I intend to listen to the universe
…how awkward.
90+ – No series
Phil Beesley on his discovery that the novelist once lived in the Leicester suburb of Aylestone and set his novel The Right to an Answer there.
Sorry for being a bad blogger - did try and post this via my IPad, but will have to investigate better how to get it to work as some of the buttons don't seem to like the IPad (hey ho).
It’s funny, I mean I wouldn’t say I’m horrible at bowling, nor am I the greatest to ever bowl a perfect game, because that never happened. Frankly I think it’s quite impossible for me because of my lack of coordination. Plus I like to fall down; I’m a hazard to the common people. But I’ve noticed that girls will get all shy and nervous when they’re bowling or playing pool just because we don’t want to appear horrible at those activities. And we’ll take advice, and completely miss the eight ball when you had a perfect shot, because that is what we do. We get nervous and fail at life. Perhaps not so drastic as life, but at bowling or playing pool.
Through unkindness.
Fire is the heart of mankind.
I was inspired straight away and printed off some pics - I only took them yesterday at Hervey bay!!!
Paul: Iuz has to go away. The fact that there is a 998 CY and a University of Rel Mord is evidence enough of that. In the long run, Iuz is only going to get more powerful. The Oerth is his home plane and given the number of former mortals who seem to attain godhood, it's only a matter of time before he attains full godhood. Worse still, through his actions, he could become a vehicle by which Tharizdun returns. I always had the idea that the Oerth was so important because it was the keystone of Tharizdun's prison; put that keystone in Iuz's hands and, well, it's probably not going to end well.
I'm so excited to announce that the next event for U Stamp with Dawn & Friends is
I still maintain my landline and DSL, but for seven years, I had a bare-bones prepay phone as a matter of necessity: you know, one pre-buys a finite number of "minutes" and airtime. Not a smartphone. But it fulfilled my limited needs: got great reception, the minutes were relatively inexpensive when bought in bulk, it sent and received text messages. I use my iPod Touch for data and apps.
Deux bouts d'chair
The words of Psalm 37:7 come to mind. “Rest in the Lord, and wait patiently for him.” We follow this with Psalm 40:1. “I waited patiently for the Lord; and he inclined unto me, and heard my cry.” When one has this sort of mindset, you can do as the Lord commands in Philippians 4:6; “Be careful for nothing.”
I have been in pubs in close proximity to drinkers who have ordered a beer, the beer hits the bar top the bar staff turn to the till & the beer begins to settle from the bottom up, the punter glances down & waits for their change to be returned. As half of the beer loses it milky appearance they hold the beer aloft & peer through the beer in the glass, & without a moments thought the immortal words trip off the tongue 'this beer is'nt right' 'it MUST be off, its cloudy'.
All I see is my reflection and I stare
Upon entering, the receptionist gestures to wait by the member’s area next to the front doors. All types walk through the doors. Through the glass, the woman and trainer from before are doing suicide drills in the hallway.
So, here it is......
How do you organize your digital photos? Is it working for you? I'd love to hear how others organize their digital photos, please share!
"Just imagine the work to keep it. The smallest particle hitting you…the smallest amount of energy…the smallest, most inconsequential force applied, and BAM, you've got heat."
“Come here my child.” Father James held his arms out to her, motioning for her to quickly come to him. “We must hurry before the demons find you here.”
I would like to use the wooden blinds like I have on the windows on the front of the house,
My Dad and his wife are wanting to start a Christmas Eve tradition where the 6 of us get together and have a big meal, open presents and take a family photo in front of the tree. This will be our 4th year so I guess it counts.
p83-4 “Listening to the recital of the [Navajo] cosmogonic myth (followed by the recitation of the myths of origin) and contemplating the sand paintings, the patient is projected out of profane time into the plenitude of primordial time: he has gone back to the origin of the world and is thus a witness of the cosmogony.”
Stir in 1/2 tsp fajita seasoning and 1/8 tsp salt. Cool.
“You can tell the Bible guys in the hall they can come back now because I’m done beating up the Bible,” Savage said as other students hollered and cheered. “It’s funny as someone who is on the receiving end of beatings that are justified by the Bible how pansy-assed people react when you push back.”
Beside him was an owner of billboards.
“It’s the o-o-only way to fly.”?Western Airlines
Radiohead Creep UK
Some of that lovely location scenery in New Zealand.
One of the victims was identified as a Chinese blogger named Xuan studying for a masters degree in Sydney, who posted about the graphic attack on the microblogging site Sina Weibo.
The Kitchen - Of all my nights out on the town in Colorado, the night we went all out at the Kitchen in Boulder was easily my favorite. I have had no dining experience that mixed the pleasures of beer and food more perfectly. The Kitchen is a fine dining restaurant that incorporates ingredients from local producers, features a large wine list AND large beer list AND has a knowledgeable staff that will capably pair either with your meal. Ray, the GM, took the time to hand pick a different beer to pair with each of our many courses and his selections blew us away. I can't say enough about the Kitchen, truly remarkable.
One of the judges in the just concluded Nigerian Idol Season 2 Area Father (Charley Boy) who has announced publicly that he has changed his nick name from Charley boy to Charley man few years back.
So its the beginning of the New Year, and first of all Gisella and Garon would like to thank all of those beautiful souls who graced us with their presence and the several Art Salon's we held Last Year.
Additionally, the Mayor of Tshwane has launched an “administrative enquiry” into the matter and has extended Mr Jaca two weeks to respond to the matter.
Box 6:
Today, Chad and I have been married for six years.
The bell rings, door opens, smiles and hugs exchanged and before I can react or tell him the plans hatched in the kid’s room and the disasters in the comfy confines of my kitchen, he is taken, by the TV yelling at the top of his voice, “It’s a Six.”
Martha Stewart punch Sprig.
But, amidst all these dangerous things, I have always felt that the forests and the rivers have a different kind of serenity in them. You know that there are dangers, yet you will feel that the place is calming you down. And when the sun sets as a glowing ball of fire, you will search for words to describe the scene.Sometimes one can hear the melodious tunes sung by the fishermen when they return back to their villages and it feels that it is a different world, a different time.
Preheat oven to 450.
Nightmare on Elm Street 5: The Dream Child: If anyone ever wanted a prolife vs. prochoice horror movie, it's either this one or Rosemary's Baby. Would you want to keep a baby that might be part Freddy? Or at the same time, would you abort a baby you dream about, and he tells you how much he likes you, even if you dont' like him? It's almost heartbreaking! I get weird vibes off this one, and I can't really remember my first opinion of this one. I think this one may have been in the wrong box and we just watched it anyway.
Poor but bolshy governess Jane (Mia Wasyacallit, or possibly Wasikowska) flees the dark, brooding Thornfield Hall and its dark, brooding occupant, Mr Rochester (Michael Fassbender). She trudges across dark, brooding and very wet moors until she collapses at the door of a clergyman, St John Rivers (Jamie Bell). (Who is not an actual saint, as evidenced by the fact that he’s alive. The name is pronounced ‘Singin’, as in singin’ your eyebrows, not as in singin’ in the rain.) St John, despite his suitably damp surname, is clearly not dark and brooding enough to be the romantic interest here.
I scarfed down my wings and headed for the door. Wending my way through the tight crowd, I passed a (way too) young man who leaned in and whispered in my ear as I passed.
No worries, the No Slippy Hair Clippy® store has you covered! We offer a wide range of adorable hair accessories in various shades of white to make your daughter look and feel crisp and cool even on the warmest of days.
highest elected official is the county sheriff. We will restore lawful
Maybe I’m harping on about it, but it hardly seems like a fitting opener to a double album from one of the biggest rock bands while at the height of their success – before anyone imagined how bad the Spaghetti Incident? could be, or how long it would take for Chinese Democracy to arrive (surely the Beijing bookies were taking bets on which one would come first – the album or actual democracy).
My total out of pocket at Old Navy was $0.88! Yep. I gave them 88 cents at the store. Score! Even with the $10 I paid for the Groupon, it is still a rockin deal! On sale the shorts themselves would have been over $11 by themselves, so its like I got everything else for free. Anyway, it was a happy day. :)
Non FAT Half 'n Half - (I KNOW how do they DO THAT?)
By years of drip-fed filth
goings and comings
It's just a house, Kate.
I’ll let you know what happens!
8. Work should be fun, not mere toil.
could watch a movie or a TV show with a medical setting. Now I can’t even watch
Total Cost: ~$A51
Now I have to say my dear daughter did the chalking....she was a little obsessed (go figure) chalking it to make it look "sunshin-eeee" on one side. Of course the sun would have to be coming from the soil but hey who's going to tell her the gas ball is in the SKY, in the AIR! I'm not showing my worry about her IQ, am I?
Mink gets sent to the brig. So now as far as I’m concerned, THREE of the FOUR humans are now in the brig.
so grace me with your smile, grace me with your touch,
Recent research has also suggested that these same antioxidants could help reduce the chances of developing cancer because they combat the cell damage that can lead to tumor growth.
The new website (and new name - DrenchNetworks) launched on Monday and we've released two butt spanking new shows: Buzzed on Sports is an irreverant sports lifestyle show where WhopTbird Jones and myself poke fun at anything and everything that encompasses sports... with a heavy dose of beer in our guts. In our first episode we drink a beer inspired by Evel Knievel while dissecting the tasing of a Pirate's fan, discuss the 'roid problem in baseball (sayonara Manny!), break down the playoff scenarios for the NHL and NBA... and a lot more!
“Ah, so it is this court that would raise the strong up above the weak.” Peter responded, “I know another race that felt like you. Rome wished to raise the strong above the weak, but if I remember correctly, all they succeeded in doing was raising the criminals on trees, and falling themselves.”
Remember the Ten Ways For Schools To Confuse a Child? Well, I'm pretty sure someone from the federal government read it and took my suggestions seriously. Because they are planning on taking one of the items on the list and running with it. Here it is:
i knew when i told you guys i purchased this j. crew coat from ebay that someone would call me out on my ethics or lack thereof. there are people who read my blog just for that purpose alone. they are always there to point out my flaws.
Unser lieber Töchterchen möge weiter das Symbol unsere grossen Liebe bleiben. Herzliche Neujahrswünche sende ich auch meiner ganzen Familie und Bekannten. Soviel Briefe habe ich von Euch schon erhalten, aber bisher habe ich nichts von meinem Brüder keinen Nachrichten.
HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY! I hope today finds you something sweet!
Remember: The longest journey begins with a single step.
Vee knows this because she was there. Everyone believes Vee is narcoleptic, but she doesn’t actually fall asleep during these episodes: When she passes out, she slides into somebody else’s mind and experiences the world through that person’s eyes. She’s slid into her sister as she cheated on a math test, into a teacher sneaking a drink before class. She learned the worst about a supposed “friend” when she slid into her during a school dance. But nothing could have prepared Vee for what happens one October night when she slides into the mind of someone holding a bloody knife, standing over Sophie’s slashed body.
I want to pause here to ask, if you ever sense God prompting you to start thinking about going to the world to impact people for Christ, then please contact Pastor Daron (330) 264-9459 x 236. I'd love to discuss why you'd like to go, what a successful missions trip might look like, and brainstorm how to help you discern God's will for a missions trip. Tomorrow I will post their prayer requests, goals, and tentative work projects. Please keep checking back to view pictures and comments from the team while they are in the CAR.
The scent of Lys Mediterranee by Frederic Malle is the fragrance that my birthday girl loves.
Someone posted on a bulletin board for academics how to balance a great job and a yuck location. Here is what I wrote back:
That evidence is a single question on algebra.
(Oh I just love this, the sentiment and image is perfect!)
We men – laugh at any movie, regardless of genre (except bold movies)
Its opting for carbon towers seems to be a sensible decision as it might reduce its maintenance and base equipment needs. Besides, it is also eco- friendly and grants ease during relocation. However, they may be 25-40% more expensive than the conventional steel ones that are used. These towers have higher possibilities of being set in urban areas due to the demand being higher in these areas initially, owing to the awareness created about the same here. The present overcapacityin the towermarket is known to go down owing to the recent Supreme Court order and a few other existing companies shutting its operation owing to the poor tenacity level it has witnessed.
Raji Kelley Simpson
The Brothers Grimm tale of Snow White is familiar enough, having been told and retold many times; most notably the 1937 animated Disney film “Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs”. The filmmakers know this and as such put there own spin on the material, but it seems like they play it a bit safe at times. ”Mirror Mirror” is most definitely an unoffensive family film, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, but there were a few times where I felt the movie could have benefited from a little more edge. The movie reminded me a lot of 2010′s “Tangled” which also put a new spin on another Brothers Grimm tale, “Rapunzel”, and I can’t help but wonder if “Mirror Mirror” as written would have played better as an animated film. It’s certainly cartoonish enough, and in a way that is part of it’s charm. But since the filmmakers did go with live-action I can’t help but wonder what kind of movie this might have been under the direction of someone like Terry Gilliam. Director Tarsem Singh delivers a candy bar confection of a movie where it might have been a molten brownie sundae in the hands of someone else. Still, I went to a lazy Saturday matinee and enjoyed myself, so maybe that was the kind of movie this was meant to be all along.
Memory: Sony memory Stick memory card (32 MB of internal memory)
Well, it seems as though I have had another blog posting DUH! I have been numbering these posts and have been one off. So, instead of renumbering each of them I will just fix it from here on out. So, words of wisdom #6 again.
I have always tried to keep the tone of this blog upbeat, so forgive me for deviating from the normal atmosphere. There is, there must be, a silver lining in this cloud. I must simply go out and find it.
The next course by Chef David Bull from Congress was Salmon Belly, Sunchoke, Sunflower Sprouts and Seeds with a brown butter dijonnaise. The salmon belly was ever slightly crisp on the outside and incredibly juicy with salmon flavor on the inside. That is some of the juiciest and most flavorful salmon I've had.
Toshiba Camileo H30 Full HD Camcorder Review
Then there has been the development of Yohan Blake, last year’s World Champion in the 100 meters. With Bolt out of the final due to his false start, Blake ran through the field on his way to a clear victory. As impressive as that was however, he really turned heads with his season ending 19.26 to win the 200 in Brussels – the #2 time in history and only .07 off of Bolt’s WR! At 21 years of age, Blake is just about in the same spot Bolt was entering the 2008 season – only significantly faster across the board.
Or maybe i am just a lazy sonufabitch and that's all she wrote.
It seems you believe “not made with hands” means invisible, spirit, ethereal, invisible, ghostly, and so on. I will suggest that if we read 2 Corinthians 5:1 anew, Paul’s parallel points to “not made with hands” meaning “from God,” i.e., not human made. I see no reason to believe Hebrews 9:11 envisions something else (cf Heb 8:2).
Delightful actually.
The wife and her two sisters
Hello friends, it's been a while! Hope you are doing well and loving life. Here's a few of my favorite songs at the moment, hope you enjoy them! I'm a sucker for anything stripped down or acoustic.
Indie/soul duo from Minneapolis, MN.
The "Island" Whispers:
7) If you need any hardware supplies, shopping at Rona gives you air miles as well.
See you all there.
Is the nation turning 51 less of a big deal than 50? Of course not. In fact, in many ways, it is a bigger deal since we as a nation will be a year older; we have been together a year longer; and, probably achieved more as a nation than a year before.
Don't make assumptions
There is so much energy and fun to be found on “Liberty Bell.” After kicking off with the previously mentioned “Are You Ready?”, the album continues with “The Devil’s in the Details,” a pure dance track complete with banjo that recalls Rednex’s version of “Cotton Eye Joe.”
with no time left to find a better place to hide
much to my surprise.
If you can empathise with a suicide bomber, why can't you empathise with Hitler? Was Hitler a robot, programmed to cause Right-wing death and destruction? What about Rudolph? Was he just pure evil, did he not believe he was acting for the greater good?
Wireless printing is now available from students’ computers. Student ICT support staff at the desk on Level 1 can help with setting up the connection.
Chasing after you....
James and Mary took off toward James’ house to help Marlene in the delivery of their fourteenth child. Mary loved being a grandmother. She took pride in telling everyone what a wonderful mess of grand kids she had. Howie started back down that ladder. This is when the heavy bags shifted and came crashing down on top of Howie knocking him off the ladder, pinning him to the floor. With no one knowing he was in trouble, Howie laid there, praying for someone to find him. He died that evening from internal bleeding. The injuries which took his life couldn’t have been repaired, even if he had been found. This was a time when advanced medicine wasn’t much more than a stethoscope and a tongue depresser. It wasn’t until the following day, when he didn’t show up for supper, that his body was found, by his father. Everyone attended the funeral and Summer was literally beside herself. She married and widowed twice, before she turned fifteen was as devastating as it could be to such a young woman. Both of her husbands died in terrible accidents and this caused folks to start calling Summer “the black widow.” This only added salt to her wounds of loss.
I have a very nice Casio, Exilim camera my son picked out for me on my last trip to Japan.
This may include finding an agent to represent you and your work or you may have chosen to approach publishers who are prepared to look at manuscripts directly submitted by authors. Pursuing this path for a period of time can actually prove highly rewarding for an author. It may take one, two or more years, but the outcome at best could be a publishing contract for one or more books, or at the very worse, some editorial feedback and direction from an authoritative and expert voice which can help an author improve their book manuscript and hone their own literary skills.
So, I’m gonna be honest, I didn’t watch the whole debate. I will add updates to the post if I watch the previous segments.
I took a standard M-type for a spin with a telescopic seat post. Bad memories of previous Brompton experiences were soon erased. The Brompton, once you get it going, is an absolute blast to ride. The handling is nimble and quick, my preference for commuting as I don’t want to be caught dozing. Even with the standard bars, I found the bike offered acceptable comfort. With the extra 5-6cms of bar height, longer rides will also be an option.
I spent last weekend in Dallas, and thought I would share it with you. I am sort of sharing out of order. Next time, I'll tell you what I did Friday.
Someone from the show then called me up sometime in November 2010, asking if he could come over and have a talk with me. I was overly excited and already imagined us jetting off…but no. We found out that evening that over 1000 people sent in their story, the TV station then narrowed the list down to 700. We we’re 1 out of the 700. They seemed however interested in our story. I told them that I was going to meet my sister in Paris that December and they asked if they could give us a camera to shoot our encounter. You know, just in case they would choose us.
The best poem I ever wrote, no contest, is the one I wrote for Ronnie for Mother’s Day 2009. She inspires me. From the very beginning of our relationship to this point, more than a quarter of a century later, she is my muse in every aspect of life, not just poetry.
Length : 31"
Back in November, Whiff of Joy was thrilled to become a Member Company over at Splitcoaststampers (SCS). I am sure many of you already are familiar with Splitcoaststampers. It is an online gathering place for stampers where we can all meet and talk and share with other stampers! You can create your own personal gallery where you can upload and share your creations with others and you can ask questions in the forums and visit the resource center to find amazing tutorials.
I hope you nasty brother puckers come back as cockroaches in the next life.
County of Residence: HARDEMAN
It had come from my own accord,
so me staying home is a dual pledge. him to me and our children to be the person we depend on to provide our financial and emotional base. me to him to be able to rely on him with everything i have. in some ways, my insistence on continuing my career was my last reservation in this marriage. the last roped off area of the life from before I knew him. And I'm scared but I believe in him. And he believes in me. And I'm walking through the door he opened.
I make my melts in bulk, because they are so popular and they don't last all that long once you've discovered how divine they are. If you want to make smaller quantities, just use the same ratios as below:
In the late 1800s, two powerful magicians get together to start a game. They will take two children, teach them their secrets, and then pit them against each other in a test of their different forms of magic. One of the magicians puts his six-year-old daughter Celia into the competition. The other magician gets Marco, a young boy from an orphanage to train as his contestant.
I think, and this is the point behind this post, that both speakers missed a few very important points when it comes to freedom of speech. Firstly, freedom of speech or anything at all is hardly a freedom if it is limited. Freedom- the very word implies that there are no limitations or restrictions. Restricted free speech is an oxymoron. Another really important point that I think Hitchens could have cornered Tharoor on was his repeated emphasis on the sacrifice of free speech in order to maintain law an order. In fact there was also an Indian gentleman in the audience who repeated the same point. This gentleman essentially said that since some Indians are educated they can respect free speech, others aren’t and don’t; and so to maintain peace in civil society we educated Indians should muzzle ourselves.
Steven M. Theg — Professor of Plant Biology
Even though you frequently vacuum the carpets you will remove the dirt but you will not be able to clean the carpets like the professional carpet steam cleaning London. Many of the carpet manufacturers recommend steam clean of the carpets at least twice a year as that method will extend the carpets life-span.
"Finally it is clear why government wants to save this project at all cost, despite it being unfeasible and despite it receiving so much public resistance. These types of cover-ups were prevalent during the apartheid regime, but never could one have imagined such a huge cover-up in our post-democratic dispensation," said Narend Singh MP, the IFP's spokesperson on Finance and on the e-tolling project.
Please don’t get me wrong. I understand that cancer is hard and that it is a struggle to deal with all of the consequences and treatment is often harder than the disease and believe me, NO ONE wants to be well more than I do. But that is a whole lot of pressure to put on me. I will not quit. I will not stop. I will not give up. But with all the other stuff that I am going to have to do, don’t ask me to fight, too. You fight. You fight for me. You get down on our knees when I don’t have the strength. You pick up my babies when I can’t climb the stairs to tuck them in at night. You feed my family when I am too broken or too sick or too tired to do it. You fight for me.
Yes – but not much. I’m quite squeamish about discussing it, because I’m still at the first draft stage, and things are still developing. So, I hope it doesn’t sound too mealy-mouthed to give you the briefest of brief pitches (an elevator pitch, if the elevator was going up one floor, for a very lazy passenger): the next novel is about a very ordinary woman who has a midlife crisis, and does something absolutely extraordinary in response to it. Will that do you?
She followed it up with "Alentejo Blue" in 2006, a much quieter book than her first, set among a multi-ethnic community in a Polish small town. A significant departure from her first, widely appreciated book, "Alentejo Blue" received at best lukewarm reviews.
I think about my travels in life, from misadventures to deployments in the Army to now regular vacation trips, and this bears out the truth of my philosophy above. What mostly comes to mind is the little mishaps and obstacles getting there, not so the being there. Traveling one time from eastern Romania to Atlanta, Georgia to meet a friend flying in from Fairbanks, Alaska, the most memorable part of the trip was a ten-seat airport bar counter in Aviano Italy where I ended up staying the night because I got pick-pocketed by a chickpea that I had spurned earlier. Luckily I still had my American Armed Forces ID card and an expired US Passport in my coat pocket, just no money until my grandparents could overnight mail a bank card from my credit union in Texas to the hotel in Atlanta. Luckily I had enough cash in my front pocket, a traveler's trick against pick-pockets, to cover my tab and just had to wait for the flight out at 6:15am. My credit card company would get me a new card by the end of the month at my address in Germany. How exactly was I going to get from the airport in Atlanta to the hotel? Well, it wouldn't be the first time I had to panhandle for subway change. It would actually be the second. Boy, bar stools were not designed for sleeping on but they're better than boarding area benches.
You just might be sinking
How might the government address the downsides to any changes
Sometimes, I don’t live up to my potential. I fall down, as the imperfect being that I am. I stumble and give way to the instinctual “flight or fight” responses that every living, sentient species has within them. I can be angry, and depressed, and occasionally petty or small-minded.
Some friends have arrived from Canada recently, and I have been showing them the ropes. Since this is my third time here, I have given some training to a few newbies. I find it funny how people will not believe you when they ask a question on how to do something, you give the answer on how it is, and they don´t believe you and say "But in 'fill in the blank here with the appropriate 1st world country' you can do it this way." and then I say "This isn´t 'fill in the blank here with the appropriate 1st world country' this is Argentina. Welcome to Argentina my friend!
3.) Follow the cleansing -- of your face -- with one's favorite hydrating product. (Those of us who cannot live without our magic brush know how much more efficacious products are after we wash our faces with the help of our Clarisonics.)
I can't cook anything that takes more than 40 minutes to prepare.
The BBC World Service has a report of Maurice being led into the fort with his hands above his head. It seems that in spite of the best attempts of the RMC to cover up the reality of what happened on the 19th, the truth is leaking out.
As reenacted in nativity scenes and Christmas pageants down through the history of western civilization, in various ways this story, whether in part or whole, is told:
The moment he was gone, so was the weight.
Well, this morning I discovered it is a real place! It does exist. And I am its newest resident!!
Logos in Jiu Jitsu don’t differ that much. An animal in a gi or a variation on a triangle seem to be the most common. Other geometric shapes can also be seen academy logos, particularly if they evoke Japanese mon. For gi companies there’s always the series of Brazilian, U.S., and Japanese flags to fall back on. Another common logo design in Jiu Jitsu is the two poorly drawn men grappling, which inevitably appears to the general public to advertise a club for aficionados of unfortunate subtext. I think my personal favourite bad logos include those that incorporate the head instructor’s tattoos, and anything with a dog in it (I have a soft spot for the original Carlson Gracie bulldogs, though).
I played Oblivion for the second time since February today.
1/2 cup roasted almonds coarsely chopped
... but please do
- watching both of our favourite teams (Barcelona football club and the Vancouver Canucks) go down in flames this week. I went with Rob and the kids for the first time to watch the football match between Barca and Madrid at the bar this week, and what a disappointment. For Barcelona to lose the game is bad enough but for Real Madrid to seal the deal to be the Liga champions this year is very tough for the Catalan with the history between the two cities. And again last night, for Barca to not be able to supercede Chelsea in the Champions League means that they won’t win any big trophy this year. Rob and Marko went to watch it at the bar with a few of the other school dads (Marko is just one of the grown-ups when it comes to soccer). And again, they came home disappointed.
Information first
your salt-stained smile a kaleidoscope thing
Flung their smoke into the laquearia,
Aren't these cranberry topiaries darling?
Ronald E. Neumann, the U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan from 2005 to 2007, told Risen, "Karzai is convinced that we are going to abandon him. What's his answer? To create a web of loyalties and militia commanders and corrupt families all knitted together."
3. The next paragraph dives right in and here’s a fun comparison. The Harry Potter cover flap copy started with what Harry has not done (Quidditch, ride a broom, dragon hatching). In a similar vein (but reversed), the LYKY cover copy tells us what Cammie is capable of (an impressive and fun list that captures our attention) but then launches into what she hasn’t done—and that’s fall in love with a boy.
Will, despite your best efforts, forever hang limp in their hunger
We have her one year photo session with the wonderful Stacy Hart on Saturday. She's going to wear a cute little lace romper (and pearls!) Plus we're doing a cake smash (I really hope she tears into the cake this time!) I can't wait :)
The Grand Canyon
Join us for some scrappin' good fun and you might just get some of those memories scrapped and have some fun at the same time :)
She replied, “It was hard to go against expectations and live differently but you can always choose.”
If you've read previous posts, you may know that Lindyhopper is not a fan of 'weird stuff' when it comes to food - she was kind enough to go along for my sake, but skipped the charcuterie and on the small plates menu went for the Chicken & Waffles house-made waffle, maple glaze, sage butter ($16) which pre-dinner research had revealed was a crowd fav at Wood and Vine. And the chicken didn't disappoint (though the waffle could have been served at much hotter temperature).
-- New Orleans quarterback Drew Brees was named the Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year. He got 43 of 50 first place votes.
MusicGorilla.com showcase
Do you think the publishing industry has/is changing in any major ways? Either due to the global economic climate or the introduction of POD and ebooks?
I've been doing cool things around the city this past week and I wish I could share them on my blog but I lost my camera :(
But the interview is not what’s on my mind right now. Last night I talked to my ex-boyfriend on the phone. We were practically married and together for about five years. It has been a little over a year since we broke up but we have maintained contact and are trying to stay friends. This, of course, brings complications. I sometimes wish we had one of those overly-dramatic break-ups that leaves you immobilized for a couple weeks but over time you forget all about the person and move on with your life. We chose the other path, though. The one where one day you think things are great and that you have moved on and–oh, isn’t it great that we can still be best friends!? Then the next day you hear that he’s been dating a ton of people (and you have too, to be fair) but you suddenly realize that you’re not over him. Well, this has been my last year.
Soft to the touch yet sturdy, Stamp School felt is a medium-weight 100% merino wool, imported from Holland. Be forewarned, once you craft with it you'll have a hard time ever going back to a blend or acrylic. Approximately 14oz. per linear yard (36x72 inches) and 1mm thick, almost 1/16 inch. Our felt is not flammable, and safe for babies and children.
Another day dawns with the breeze from our open windows bringing the beautiful music of the waves as they break on the shore. A peek from our terrazo reveals a clear, sunny sky. “Our” marina bustles (in a relative sort of way) as fishermen show off their catches to the chefs.
Scatter a spoon full of green peas (I just stir fried in in some butter, seasoned with salt and pepper and some lime juice) and pour the onion gravy on top.
I also amassed silver and gold for myself, and the treasure of kings and provinces.
Oh you know I love a good foo dog plus green grass cloth ah heaven! I love all the pops of green that she uses all throughout the space. I love her personal style as well! She could totally fit in with these girls.
Well, in the case of Big Giant Robot and Big Round Robot, they do what any right-thinking robots their size and in their situation would do and go play outside...seeing as how they couldn't very well play INside.
ORGANISATIONS
“for your kind note after Dad passed away.”
It's been a pretty stressful few weeks and I am just so nervous and so scared. I really wish I had a time machine and I could just fast forward to a time in the future when all is well and I have a healthy little full-term baby in my arms. Please keep your fingers crossed for me on Thursday and Friday!
Have a great day.
So how are we all then? You may have noticed the world according to Sarah has been quiet for a few days - don't have much time to blog when Emily is off from school, don't even really have time to craft! Apart from when she helps, and what is produced then isn't generally for the blog. This time, though the crafting has had a purpose as we have been busy making invites for her birthday party.
My beautiful three-legged cat is a delicate balance of ins and outs where it’s a battle to make sure everything goes in the right direction. However, I only got two hours sleep last night, having been got up by a fizzing cat at four in the morning, and spent the next few hours trying to defuse him.
Me: What about princess movies?
1/2-1 tsp basil
century, with the Lord of Prideaux (he was one of the knights that came over with William the conqueror) and was awarded lands in Cornwall. Many of his descendents settled in the Devonshire, England. My paternal, many times great, grandfather, Walter Geere, married a daughter from the house of Prideaux (late 1400’s).
If things were not going strange enough, last night, I got hit with malware on the computer. I was searching for some transmission drawings on the internet and hit a site that started trying to scan my computer for errors, trying to sell me data recovery software and showed all kinds of warnings. I could not close it out. I performed a virus scan and a hard drive scan. The scans made it appear that all my files were there, but I could not find anything! Most of the night, the scans ran but this morning it was no better. After returning from the dentist, I had a thought and ran a "System Restore" to a time before the event occurred. Sure enough the computer was restored to the configuration from the previous day. The malware was gone and all my files are back. The only thing missing is my Favorites on my browser. I need to fiqure out if those can be reloaded. I am happy this worked, I thought I was going to have to take the computer somewhere and pay to get it fixed.
Why can't Norwegian cooks LEAVE SHIT ALONE. Just like they have food traditions here that no one messes with, bagels have their own traditions too and Everything bagels with jalapenos is just RIGHT OUT. It's bad enough they add parsley to the salsa, corn to the nachos and spinach to the tortillas....leave the damned bagels alone!
Everyday we are bombarded with images of beautiful woman and if you like me, it’s hard not to compare yourself. Don’t we all want to be as beautiful as the women on the magazines? According to Jezebel, a nonprofit has found that U.S. women spend $7 billion a year on cosmetics and beauty products: An average of about $100 a month each and I know there have been a few months when I’ve hit that $100 mark. Why do we spend so much? Well many of us, myself included, may have unrealistic expectations. We buy products hoping for results that aren’t possible in an effort to look like people who don’t even look like themselves! Check out the photos below and you will see the transformations a face can go through because of anything from makeup to plastic surgery.
with tap water soaking the Korean Glass Noodle.
I got angels’ voices and friends who love me for who I am;
I can’t see into the future enough to know whether the pain I’m anticipating will happen or not, but I do find I’m waking up with panic attacks, so I think the wisest thing to do is to try to get some help from a medical professional, rather than from the refrigerator…
It's called the Peter Principle.
Spaten-Franziskaner-Bräu Franziskaner Hefe-Weisse
welcomed it as one of their own.
That’s $107/hr as a couple or $53.50/hr per person. And to earn that much after taxes you’d really have to earn $612; money saved (by not having to spend it) is actually worth more than we realize when the government’s cut is taken into consideration.
3rd Edition was customizable, there were more options than you could shake a stick at and that lent to some very interesting character builds.
We have been busy for sure. The Kairos walk for the Smith prison unit was two weeks ago. As always Kairos is a time of powerful moves of the Lord, with many lives touched and miracles happening every day. Last Saturday I went back up there for the follow up day, where we begin to train them on how to support each other in that prison environment, and to integrate them into the existing church at the prison. With that comes revelations of ongoing problems and issues. I had two in my group who expressed their dismay at not being accepted in a prayer group on their cell block. At lunch I sat at a table with another inmate, who has been in prison 21 years. He shared an issue he had regarding someone who went through the Kairos walk but was still actively engaged in homosexual activity. Come to find out it was the same person I had talked with earlier. It’s a sticky situation, where I was being asked for advice from both individuals separately. The answer in both cases is to love and forgive. We can hate the sin, but must love the sinner. In the end we all stand before the living God, who knows all things, even the deepest thoughts of our hearts. It is He who is the judge, not us. And it is God whom we must answer too, not man. In prison there are many uncomfortable situations and seldom easy answers. I can’t talk about lots of it but thought I’d give you just a small glimpse.
Tuna noodles:
Pick over beans, wash and cover with water. Let soak 8 to 12 hours. Then add water to cover, add all ingredients except pork and boil in a dutch oven for one hour. If using a bean pot or a slow cooker, boil in a separate pot first.
(*The fan needs to be balanced. Do you know how much of a PAIN IN THE ASS it is to balance a ceiling fan? Well, it's a pain in the ass enough that we've lived there for 8 months now, and still haven't gotten around to doing it. So the fan needs to stay at a relatively low speed so that it doesn't wobble all over the place, and make an ungodly racket. Hence the placebo-ness of it. It's not doing much, but maybe trying to trick my brain into thinking it's helping keep things cool, maybe. I'm not really sure.)
It's a pretty basic design - a great clean and simple look - and I love the use of the Diagonal Scoring Plate to create the subtle background. I used Whisper White and Concord Crush (which is retiring at the end of May!) for my cardstock and added Pear Pizzazz (which is ALSO retiring at the end of May!) and Daffodil Delight for accent colors.
Marr focussed heavily this week on the mood and atmosphere in the cities, some of which, despite their size, managed to retain real community spirit and seemed to feel more like a village than a city of such enormous proportions. He spent a night 'slumming it' with a family in Dhaka (where he was compared to Mr Bean) and also revelled in the 'Dancing Days' in Mexico City which, despite being one of the most dangerous cities in the world suffering for 500 kidnappings a month and 3 murders a day, seemed friendly and joyful.
10/3/2008 - New York, NY - WaMu Theater at MSG
Yes, that’s me…still.
Scruggs’ style of three-finger picking influenced banjo players everywhere. Here are two clips from the old days. I love how he bends the notes in the first clip by adjusting the tuning pegs:
Now Moving On...
still wed to your pride
“You’re a funny looking guardian angel!” squeaked Pricklewood. “I don’t keep cash int’ property if that’s what you’re after.”
So Dr. Vet called with the bloodwork....the call mom always dreads. But Dr. Vet said he's doing GREAT! Yay!! One thing did come back a little high, and that's his cholesterol. Mom said whatever, he's 13, he's on a raw diet, what more can you do??
dressing, or mayo, or olives, or all the fattening stuff, you can ask
Who waits for me at gates of gold
I've read the Left's debating of these numbers, but the facts are the facts - you can't continue to blame Bush, you have to take responsibility. "Doesn't get along well with others."
If you are having partner problems:
because without faith it is impossible to please Him: for he that cometh to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of them that diligently seek Him.
MGM Grand Garden Arena, Las Vegas, NV (USA) 2012- April 21
Peter Brennan, 30, Ronkonkoma, N.Y.
wolves came out of the shadows and nuzzled my palms. i rested in
Also, it goes without saying- I don’t know everything…don’t ask me the stuff your two-year old is asking you, like “How did God get here in the first place?” and “How come everything isn’t perfect?” I might try to answer and make a real fool out of myself, but you wouldn’t want that, now would you?
During the C1 class and in the days soon after, most of the entities I contacted insisted that I didn’t need them and that they wouldn’t be speaking through me on other occasions. I remember being especially disappointed at hearing that from Kuan Yin, and sincerely protesting that I did too need her, unable to understand why I was being abandoned. I think I understand now. Channeling is not my primary function, and is not going to be. I can receive information on my own more easily than I can through another being. That doesn’t mean I can’t have friends in high places, though, and I still intend to pursue better communication with them.
Instead I told him that I had to get back for a dentist appointment and clenched my fists to keep from scratching a fresh itch that had surfaced on my forehead. “Another time, though,” I said.
Under masses of concrete
The illustrations reflect diversity within Native America by including characters who're also of European and African-American heritage. In fact, it's one of the few books reflecting Black Indian characters wherein their ethnicity is incorporated without commentary.
Since independent contractors aren’t covered by most federal employment laws, they don’t enjoy the same legal protections on wages as permanent employees, says a spokesman for the Department of Labor. If a permanent employee doesn’t get paid, federal or state labor departments can fine companies and even prosecute company executives. But independent contractors often have to turn to the court system, in most cases small claims, if they go unpaid.
Judging from my reading of this era, the seemed to two completely different sorts of people in China at this time, and they had very little to do with each other. This is perhaps one reason why Chairman Mao decided on his policy of re-education - sending the sophisticated urban intellectuals to experience, at first hand, the extremely hard life of the rural population (although Gao Anhua says it was also to alleviate the urban unemployment).
Ink/medium:copics,memento ink tuxedo black
My crockpot and I have become great friends over the past year. I kindof left her in the back of a cabinet for several years since I didn't really know what to do with her, but thankfully she forgave me. Some of my favorite meals have come from the crockpot, and nothing beats coming home to dinner ready to be served.
I got off the train with a heavy heart and too much on my mind: new projects to start, old ones to complete, and questions of whether there was enough time. But if I am going to tell the truth here, I was weighed down emotionally by a negative review that had been posted on Amazon.com about my latest book. The reader called it poorly written and repetitive. Ouch!
Well, in case you hadn't figured it out, we were in Vienna this weekend. Vienna, home of Sacher tort, Weinerschnitzel, guglhupf, vienna sausages and other such treats.
And some further material from another press release from the same source:
Yet, one day today, we wear ‘kuning’.
In a 110-page report, the commission said more detailed research is required to evaluate how useful the database is in helping to solve crimes, describing current evidence as 'flimsy'.
With the looming rice crisis due to tightening supplies and soaring prices, we have reasons to be alarmed. A United Nations aid official already warned that more Filipinos will go hungry as rice prices soar.
Fedorchenko's "Chronoeye" is the closest this omnibus comes to directly engaging with the fourth dimension, featuring as it does a scientist named Grigory (Igor Sergeev) who has created a device to try to visit moments in the past and future—except that, whenever he is able to visit the past and the future, the camera always seems to be pointed at the most undesirable angles. In his obsession with exploring the past, Grigory seems ignorant of what's around him in the present, including the sexy female neighbor (Darya Ekamasova) who seems to have a thing for him. This is, for my money, the most interesting of the three segments, and sure, I'd consider it my favorite.
And if that isn't enough reason to get excited there is also an upcoming exhibition at The National Army Museum featuring 70 of the very best Commando covers spanning it's 50 year run commencing on September the 1st. A book featuring 50 of the best Commando covers will be published in October.
Fayetteville NC 28301 (910) 433-1596 Fax: (910) 433-1594 Date Received
Working On: Being most celebrated painting in the world
And he's at it again.
Surfer Wife
What we can do for now is pray and hope that my next update is that he’s in a better condition now.
I recommend always drying the flowers and flower bouquets you get.Don't throw them away! Once they are really starting to droop, just tie them together with string, and hang them upside down to dry from the ceiling or a hook or nail. Roses usually respond well to this treatment.
So Medical May begins, and hopefully a healthier and slimmer me will result!
ALAN was great. I got to sit in on several of the sessions and a couple of the break-outs. Would love to be invited back. I think one of the highlights for me was being on a panel titled "It's a Guy Thing," moderated by Kenan Metzger. The other panelists included Martin Chatterton (a very hip British dude), Brent Crawford, Tom Angleberger, and Derrick Barnes. Tom was hilarious! Especially when he introduced the Shipless Pirates in his latest book. But Derrick was, to me, the highlight. He spook about a man's responsibility for his family and his community. And then on the plane back I got to read his latest novel, We Could Be Brothers, in which he writes about two boys, each from opposite ends of the social economic stratus, but they got each other's back, even through the toughest of situations. It's a must read.
05-30 Boston, MA – Paradise
Makes 12 pancakes (serving size: 3 pancakes)
By the way I think the Norfolk Island Pine is a brilliant idea. I’ve been really bah-humbug this year and haven’t put up a tree or decorated. It wears me out just thinking about it, but David’s Norfolk Island Pine inspired me…if Lowe’s or Home Depot has one to buy…now. I need a quickie Christmas redo since I’m having everyone over on Christmas Day and having nothing Christmas-y just doesn’t seem right. Trying to stay mellow and anxiety-free this Christmas season has merely meant opting out for me, and now with days to go I’m feeling like opting back in. I have become really ambivalent about this wonderful season meant for celebrating my Savior’s birth. Sadly and invariably, I experience less savior and more stress. It’s just occurring to me that doing nothing is not the answer to doing too much which I used to do with incredibly disastrous results. Happy mediums have never been my strong suit, being naturally inclined to be either way over there or way over there. Avoiding Christmas Eve conniptions has become my holiday goal, so I have adopted a laissez-faire attitude. Well, I’m only 61, so I’ve still got time to get this right.
i added another photo of initials hanging on church doors. i love the stone and the arch that frames those doors.
This was the perfect October read! Ghost on Black Mountain by author Ann Hite is everything the cover says it is; haunting, eerie, dark and unnerving. Told in the voices of five different women who all have different portions of the story to tell, the author did an excellent job of binding the story together in those separate voices. The story is set in rural depression-era North Carolina, we first meet Nellie, a young girl who, while serving meals in a soup kitche n, meets and falls head over heals for Hobbs Pritchard, a man eight years her senior. Nellie's mama immediately see's that Hobbs is a bad man and what she see's in her tea leaves confirms this fear. Ignoring her mama's warnings, Nellie runs off and marries Hobbs anyway. He immediately moves her to his empty, (or is it?) family home on Black Mountain.
5. Have you started Christmas shopping? Decorating? Listening to Christmas music?
Demonstrable truth is not the only kind of truth that is operational in our societies. As French philosopher Michel Foucault (1926-1984) pointed out, there are many kinds of truth, and many different ways of speaking the truth. The problem with assuming that modern scientific (demonstrable) truth is the only form of truth is that it leads us to overlook other forms of truth, even while we make use of them. Such is the case with poetic truth. This form of truth dates back to ancient times. It was challenged by Socrates and defeated by the intellectual culture that grew up in Socrates’ wake.
Extremely elegant and simple! They add a touch of girly to any outfit ♥
According to Egyptian columnist Amro Abdul Samea in al-Ahram, Talawi’s message included an appeal to parliament to avoid the controversial legislations that rid women of their rights of getting education and employment, under alleged religious interpretations.
One person who can take away this pain.
I’m fairly biased because my grandmother grew up next door to his house in Indianapolis and was one of the neighborhood children that he taught his poems to and shared readings with back, back in the day.
Condemnation of anti-semites (by your definition anyone who takes their refinement of anti-liberalism too far and names its components) is an example of Criticizing Those To Your Right. (Which Auster has complained of many times but I cannot find a formal definition of.)
The Eurocommunism of the 1960s and 1970s found no echo within the SACP, and none of the great intellectual controversies of European Marxism seemed of any interest to the decidedly unintellectual SACP. Quite how insulated from reality the SACP had been became evident only in the 1990s when Slovo talked of how shaken he and his comrades had been by Gorbachev's recent revelations about the Gulag. Yet this was fantastical. First word of the Gulag had seeped out of the USSR in the late 1930s. In the early post-war world there had been a major controversy over the Gulag in the pages of Sartre's Les Temps Modernes in the late 1940s.
I cannot think of any…
Well I kept seeing this lovely freebie all over the place so I could not resist on colouring her up too all for spring no valentine card here lol her hair took a while to color I wanted it shades of grey and she's colored with Touch Markers then gone over top with pencil crayons then softened with a blending marker (one that has it's colour faded but works ) I've even did her shoes and stockings blue but thought way to much so slowly built up warm grey tones over top to give her a darker shoe her hair seems so much darker when I look at her in real life
“Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world; he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.”
I glanced at the sweet old couple next to us, twitched a timid smile at them and feared the Gucci-clad-ice-queen was going to pelt me with focaccia rolls from the ornate porcelain bowl next to her. This is not done. I should've known, I mean this ain't my first time at the rodeo, and looking at people is asking for trouble.
Addendum 5/30/11: Paul Biba wrote a great review of this session:
One thing that really surprised me was the lack of collectables. Any veteran Gears player remembers hunting for those hidden COG tags and other pieces of memorabilia around levels. None of that is here in RAAMs Shadow and I for one actually don’t mind that. I found that instead of walking down every dead-end corridor and looking around every object, I was able to focus more on the story and gorgeous environment. So even though it kills the replayability, I don’t actually mind it. Also, there are some tedious sections of levels like dealing with waves of tickers in a congested room or fending off a frenzy of wretches. Not as fun as fighting the actual locust drones in a more open area.
plucked up to cover your act.
Houseago likes to unify different visions, but rarely does he do it as seamlessly as he does in Rattlesnake Figure. What’s even more impressive is that this isn’t the entire story of this piece. When encountering the work, I challenge the viewer to determine the back of the sculpture from the front. After close looking, I failed in my attempt. Glutes easily turn into thigh muscles, the directional force of the legs and body is difficult to determine, the face carving and drawing is a collection of mis-directions and false clues. Here we have a Picasso/Rodin shattering of figuration, a sculpture that is a whole figure with a take on sculptural essence in a traditional sense, yet a work that cannot be pinned down as an “image” or embodiment of any one thing. Even as Houseago invokes the Germans and Renaissance Platonists, he undermines them. He shows he is a Picasso man at heart. He’ll meditate on a self and then explode it to pieces.
No wonder we have a hard time keeping unity. The world of me is @ hand.
Expectations are tricky.
The opening section of Imagine talks about Bob Dylan. How Dylan was on tour in the early stages of his career and hated it so much, he told his fans he was giving up music. He felt his songs were meaningless, that they no longer thrilled him in any way. He didn't like who he had become.
Let Your glory be above all the earth.
The man was known to authorities for having spent time in Afghanistan and Pakistan.
1. Love and Intimacy: meaningful relationships, including friendships; loving and being beloved. We know these ties improve not only longevity but also the quality of life. How do these ties develop? Given the great emphasis on individuality and competitiveness in the way we rear children, how can we do a better job inculcating relational skills?
pretending to do classwork when the teacher walks by, but actually not doing any schoolwork at all
For the past month or so, our family has been looking forward to spending some time on the river. My husband and I both grew up camping and swimming there, and now our kids love it, too. Unfortunately, when vacation time rolled around, the river was out of its banks - flooded - and no good for fun.
I'm thinking I need to start getting back in the swing of things!
System: GURPS 4e (listing what books you have will help)
I pre-heated my gas grill (all 5 burners on high for about 40 minutes) and it was at a solid 550* according to the gauge on top. Because this pie is so thin, it cooks very quickly, not more than about 5 minutes. Do not look away and don’t start something where you may forget. I’m a big fan of a timer. I’m a bigger fan of this pizza and it’s yumminess.
I feel like I shouldn’t, but I know what feels right
Leave it to the mysterious grace and mercy of God to regard the low estate of His handmaiden and then to have her called blessed by all generations. This is not a post-reformation contest between Mary and Jesus but a recognition of ongoing greater realities at work in the genealogy of Mary and God's only begotten Son.
First time mom Taryn says, "There are a variety of ways to design a gender neutral nursery and birds are one theme that fits perfectly! I designed the room to be gender neutral because we didn't know what we were having until the big day! I chose a bird inspired theme and wanted to keep the style of the room on the more modern/contemporary side. I went with dark gray walls and pops of orange and teal. I made all of the artwork in the room including the canvas wall art and the bird mobile. I love how the room turned out! It's inviting, completely one of a kind and something my daughter can grow with.
Even the glyphs of Lifebloom and Fire Silence… not to mention turning yourself into a two person ‘mount’.
Both yogurts ended up to be about the same cost at $1.99 for 170g (Chobani) and $1.49 for 142g (PC) at Loblaws, so both are definitely well-priced for an afternoon snack. Or, if you’re like me, a midnight dessert.
A voice that cries, ‘The tomb in Palestine
Showy evening primrose is doing a little too well, and I ripped out half of that. Now that he's very established, and in an idea situation, according to the experts, he better be covered in blooms or he's gone this time next year. Too invasive.
I had an issue with the character of Detective Thayer. First of all, he was a complete (*&$@*&. And as far as I know, police officers wouldn't treat witnesses that weren't suspects like garbage. If they were being interrogated as a suspect, sure, but these were just kids. And I know it's just my personal opinion, but I didn't care for the way the police were portrayed in this novel. I feel it was just used as a plot device so the book could end the way it did. And I would share that with you, but no spoilers, so...I just felt it was a cheap way out.
After the cupcakes cool, get your big girl panties on and make the icing.
Drop cookie dough by spoonfuls onto prepared cookie sheet and bake for 8-10 min.
the kind that we would just walk by
At 11am we are being picked up by three Italians: Toni, Guido and his girlfriend, none of them speaking English. Since Logan was talking about a four-wheel drive adventure, we expected a 4WD but instead they arrive in a black Golf IV. They take us up to Scanno where we are supposed to leave our Globetrotter and then jump into the car with them. We have no idea where we are going; we can’t even ask them because they don’t understand us and I really don’t like this.
There is, indeed, life after rice cakes- the first food turned to by newly minted celiacs. Naturally gluten-free foods such as quinoa, polenta, rice, Thai rice noodles and Mexican white corn tortillas have become favorite staples in our pantry. Potatoes are thankfully gluten-free. Brown rice and quinoa pastas offer nutritious alternatives to standard semolina spaghetti, cous cous and macaroni.
Myth 3: Poinsettias are toxic.
Take a look at the retreats available and choose the one you would benefit most from. To help you begin to relax before you arrive, a podcast of one of Vonetta’s yoga classes can be downloaded below.
of the lit bush, to a brightness
"No, I just felt sorry for you standing there all by yourself".
According to earlier statements by the police, the male accused also was found hiding in the ceiling, and police allegedly had also found a part of the murder weapon on him, together with Mrs Potgieter’s stolen laptop and camera.“http://www.facebook.com/topic.php?topic=11395&uid=52669367739#/group.php?gid=52669367739 )
Moreover, the candidates in the current election campaign have made it clear that the whole system will change again, if there is a change of President.
To prevent it they, together with their apparatchiks and ideological catamites in the controlled media, are combating the threat with a two pronged approach. Firstly they slander and vilify the BNP and anyone who supports them, and secondly they will lie and lie and lie to disguise their own true policies and position.
They never told me going to school meant doing homework.
KERA SHOP ANGEL was filled with loveliness, and I had a lot of fun trying out different accessories on my head! A lot of items were 20 or 30% off. I really admired the hats from corgi-corgi, which are even nicer than they appear in KERA and GLB. My companion was kind enough to buy me one, a pretty milk-tea coloured affair with a brim heaped with velvety brown roses! A very nice Christmas present, thank you~
I had coffee this morning which turned into lunch with a good friend today and we had some amazing laughs and conversation. Thank you, Laura!
Upper Egypt = 8 Upper Egypt governorates totally (Nile Valley)
The Times UK reported yesterday that controversial authors Dawkins (The God Delusion) and Hitchens (God is Not Great) believe there is already a precedence set for such a move when a similar legal principle was used to arrest Augusto Pinochet, the late Chilean dictator, when he visited Britain in 1998. The authors are intent on getting their legal team to instigate criminal proceedings and a civil action against the Pope, and may even consider referring a case to the International Criminal Court on the grounds of crimes against humanity.
Once I realized that a large amount of NLP is simply an invitation to think in new ways and discover new things that you can do (with communication, with learning, with your own mental strategies, etc), the whole field became clearer.
Employees are an asset to any progressive organization. They become the essential work force that delivers the organization’s profits. The management should strive to make the establishment employee-friendly so that it becomes a sought after place to work in terms of productivity, company culture and profits. Listening to your workforce is one surefire way to have valuable inputs to your strategizing process.
sharing his 30+ years of cooking experience
Description: Do you want to make kids laugh? Children’s author, Nancy I. Sanders, will use popular published examples of funny kids’ favorites to show you how to help your manuscript tickle those funny bones. From crafting scenes with a laughter-inducing punch to writing silly slapstick, join in this teleclass and learn techniques you can implement in picture books as well as novels to make young readers chuckle and laugh out loud.
And I was writing in my sleep again . . .
I sent Jason home with my rose, grabbed my warm-up pants and sweatshirt and joined Kim at her intersection to direct traffic for the men's race. Afterward we stuffed our faces with Chipotle (my race bib was good for buy-one-get-one-free burritos). I managed to stay upright long enough to go to the grocery store but afterward I conked out for a two hour nap. Who knew that 25 minutes of all-out activity could wear a person out so much?
as the space beneath these red eyes will permit.
200g good quality dark chocolate
so packing up my family for a week away
SPEAK
The fact is that I simply cannot be counted on to water all summer long. I lose my impetus in the heat of late July, so drip lines on a timer are just my speed. I am thinking that if I could just get my whole family on a drip line, this mother gig would be cake!
Fitter Sh*tter man,
- Marianne Design
Please check out the dare blog to see what everyone has created.
a sick reminiscent ..
Then back in Romans 1:16, he writes,
What do you think of the new look?!!!
"Joe is a good man," one native tells me. "But he doesn't live in the real world."
Yes, that is the same girl. Draya or “DrayaFace” (they don’t call her face for nothing) said on the VH1 that she makes her money off her looks. She is very pretty but check her out without makeup and she’s a pretty normal looking girl. She’s pretty, just not the extravagant beauty you see on magazine covers.
I have an interesting life and have made numerous friends over the past 30 plus years through my art work. People appreaciate my efforts and have thrown my all sorts of curve balls in thier ideas that they would like to have turned into reality. It was June when a young lady approached me to create a special piece for her husbands birthday - she decided on a Tiki fire pit.
I was at a hotel the other day and while showering in the bath so that I could enter the pool, (No, wasn’t eavesdropping but), the conversation of the girls outside the door, found its way into my ears.
Dr. Leena also gave me a script for “prescription toothpaste,” marketed under the name “Prevident 5000.” Like I’m going to show up at some pharmacy and ask for prescription toothpaste.
Shadows Atlantis UK
I am not an evangelist! I am not anyone’s savior! If anything, I lead people to their death! I am a free bird, showing you how far you can fly! You can go to the ends of the earth, whichever way you choose to go. You can be as good as you ever imagined! You can be as bad you ever imagined! The choice is up to YOU!
So love first and love truly and deeply and from the heart, use your super powers wisely. Do super heroes expect anything in return? NO they use their powers for the good of all mankind.
So we have had some successes and some failures so far this week. I did manage to make cheese. It was DISGUSTING! I think I can find a better recipe though so I'll be trying that one again. We had two dinner recipes that were a hit. I know many of you want copies of recipes so I have to figure out how to make like a separate section for recipes so that the blog doesn't get super long. I don't know how to do this so I'm going to have to ask for help. Alisa - I know you're reading this. HELP!!
St. Helens is probably the movie that made me fall in love with disaster movies. It’s been at least 25 years since I saw it last and I enjoyed seeing it again today. It kind of amazes me that so many chose to defy the warnings and stay within the blast radius of the volcano… 2 months warning and yet staying… That’s pretty retarded… oh well, it makes for an exciting movie story at least. I think it looked pretty idyllic and beautiful in those mountains but had somebody told me that the local volcano would erupt at any time I’d get the hell out of dodge the second I noticed the first quake.
World Vision - a Christian humanitarian organization dedicated to working with children, families and their communities worldwide to reach their full potential by tackling the causes of poverty and injustice. World Vision provides hope and assistance to approximately 100 million people in nearly 100 countries. In communities around the world, we join with local people to find lasting ways to improve the lives of poor children and families.
By Aprilynne Pike
Like Kristy Bamu and Victoria Climbié, the five year old African child, whom the police named Adam (now believed to be a Nigerian child called Ikpomwosa) who’s headless and limbless body was found in the Thames, near London Bridge, was not the victim of a psychopath or a sexual sadist. Instead Adam met his death at the hands of a practitioner of tribal medicine, and his body parts, almost certainly cut from him while he was alive and conscious so as to increase their potency, were then made into medicines and potions.
They chose St. Coca’s Church and the Carton House in Maynooth, County Kildare, Ireland, to host their beautiful day. Scroll down for all the eye candy and for an in-depth chat with Kelly about all the details ...
Greg Logsted - Alibi Junior High
Perhaps the crowds choice was a result itself of the whole wind-up/practical joke that had been “played” on Jesus? Possibly Barabbas himself had been one of the ringleaders, one of those versed in the skills of wind-ups or perhaps he was surprised at the turn of events?*
During my twelve years in the classroom my eyes and ears were on constant alert for bullying. If I heard or saw or was told about bullying, I addressed it. I brought the victim and the bully together countless times. Some meetings were formal lunch meetings while others were a quick talk in the hallway. My goal was always the same: get each child to see the human being across from them. I wanted the bully to fully understand the pain he/she was causing— to try and understand the tangible effects from their hateful words and actions.
This week we have a super easy challenge Buttons, Ribbons and/or Bows. All we ask is that the card be appropriate for kids/teens.
Stamps: Simply Soft, Teeny Tiny Wishes
- If your baby wakes up the second you put them down, place a heating pad on the mattress for a few minutes to make it nice and warm.*
Dedicate as much time as you can on May 1 to healing the core of the issues.
It doesn’t matter, it’s not like any explanation AT ALL is given. Seriously, none whatsoever. They just happen to have warped to a boat.
Much as I'd like to, I can't really procrastinate any longer, the boy-reporter pantaloons are calling. Happy Tuesday. x
“Um, no its ok, Bantum. Relax. This is how we’re going to handle this…” said Hermel. And then he shouted without so much as sitting up, “Who goes there?!”
When did I allow myself to become so disgusting? When did I throw in the towel and surrender to filth? I used to make fun of people like me. And now I could be the CEO and president of a filth club (I’m talking dirt people, minds out of the gutter).
Next Step turn off your original “Orange Layer” click on one of the orange layer halves, using your “Warp” Tool, simply peel back the orange so that it exposes the apple underneath, like so. Then do the same with the other orange half.
The outfit: Shirt, really for the first time can't remember where I bought it. Or my father bought it for me, like seven years ago. Jeanzzhorts, which I call minnyshorts cause they're so cute, H&M kids. Shoes Dinsko. This isn't really today's outfit, it's actually what I'll be wearing tomorrow. But maybe with uggs. Dunno yet.
You know who you are!
At 14 o’clock we go to visit the sheep fold of sheep, sheep and lambs to see where we’ll prepare a shepherds Balmos fresh sheep’s milk, as only you can eat at the sheepfold.
The paint was obviously not the original coating and was easily sanded off to reveal the metal in the bottom photo. Although, as I started sanding and there were still bit and pieces of paint left on, that was a lovely finish too.
Malaysia
leaves.
.rascism is ignorance
Overt self-promotion:
Even more shiny and some die-cut rookies:
It’s easy to understand why survivors were taken in by Head’s story. The level of detail is breathtaking. Over and over, to rapt audiences, Head mourned the young man wearing a red bandana who stretched out his hand to help her to safety, only to disappear into the smoke to die a hero. She never told anyone her husband’s last name (to protect his parents’ privacy, she insisted), and sometimes she seemed to slip up and call him her fiance, but again and again, she’d recount the poignant story of their wedding in Hawaii. When she visited Dave’s name at the memorial, she liked to bring a toy yellow taxi, as a memento of their charmed first meeting, to place near the reflecting pool. Who would make all that up?
CM: Damn Dale, those are the harshest words I've ever seen from you...
Near the Dead End there is a massive graffiti-covered squat beneath an overpass. It used to be a huge stable with a giant hall in the center where you could ride horses and take riding lessons. The complex is now a co-op of various groups that stage film screenings, music events, parties and there is probably a communist lending library.
but of course there is the question of soil and light conditions
Thanks to both Quantum Victoria and Melbourne Planetarium for hosting these sensational nights.
And raped the spirit he was supposed to nurture
Elizabeth Hill (Con) 183
"TO THE LETTER"
I know it isn’t far away
And there's a longer, showreel version of it here:
They never once pretend to be anything other than exactly who they are.
Faint mead smell, strong head, and uberdeep amber color. Smooth with light carbo, smoke test at the beginning and end of the palette. Good medium malts.
Most manufacturers encourage descaling at least once a month. A kettle, they say, should last for five years when treated kindly. Ours is on year 8. It is a good thing I like it so much. If you're off to buy a kettle, go for the kind you do not have to unplug before you pour. It makes life so much easier when they simply lift off the base.
But in your eyes I'm a queen
Their life stories are grandly told, from the time they were young, but the passing of a Veteran goes unnoticed, and unsung.
The meta-analysis part comes in the “TVI” column on the right, which summarizes the overall value placed on prospects across all of the expert lists. By looking at it, you can see that generally the scouts agree that Price is awesome, with Beckham and Davis right behind him, and Brignac, Hellickson, and Jennings after that. And that tells you something you didn’t know.
Yvette listened in wide eyed amazment but I recognized these stories as 90% pure bullshit. One of them turned and looked at the Island that stood 100 yards off the point. He said that there was a time when there was no better fishing than right off this particular point.
Love is a tricky thing especially when a love triangle is formed, we don't see it grow in this book but I'm hoping if Thomas writes another installment to see where it goes and how things change between the characters.
Size: 14 inches, 1 2/3 pounds about the size of an eggplant
So I thought it was probably time to write again.
04. Circumstantial Evidence
Eleanor’s relationship with Theo is also an interesting one, and provides the film with yet another suggestive facet open to interpretation. The conversations between the two women, and Theo’s apparent jealousy of Eleanor’s childish crush on Dr Markway, understatedly suggest Theo’s lesbianism. As these exchanges are so understated, they’re arguably open to interpretation, but they provide the characters with so much depth and nuance. In any other film, the self-assured and liberated Theo might eventually end up in bed with man-about-town Luke. Not so in The Haunting.
A failure to my gender. Crush crushed
21-Welcome
"I'm not Amish," she added, in a tone that suggested "There is NO way I am Amish."
Roy: The fellow playin’ goals …
I just love waking up in my bedroom and seeing the chandelier in all it's glory right above our bed. I'd found it so long ago I can't remember where. It was a part or my dreams for my next home that I waited so long for that i can't believe I finally get to enjoy so many of my dreams.
“let church bells ring,
Finally, I have some people to thank. First I want to thank the Ad Club for being proud of advertising and not changing its name to the “marketing communications” club or the “content” club or, God forbid, the “conversation” club.
Delftware tile - John Twomey
Outside of my basement door is a Rose of Sharon shrub. It is full of blooms all summer long and reminds me of my childhood because my neighbor had several of these plants in his yard. It is really amazing how many blooms it produces in a years time - seems like it should get tired producing all those flowers...
Rich arabs, particularly "royalty" (though the arabic definition of royalty is... expansive. There are thousands of Saudi princes for example) tend to view the lower class staff as fair game, or even as their due, or just reward.
Well it's 3 in the morning right now, and I'm kind of tired. This post is probably all over the place lol. Let me know what your opinion of the song is in the comments section.
Sandweiss
If, for whatever reason, you still want to email me or ask me a question here, that is fine. It's great. I truly want to help if I can, but chances are about 99% of the time, I am going to send you to the people that help me.
no clue who "breeder" is
If Irans pipeline project (IPI) becomes more viable and the Nations involved withdraw from the Wests (TAPI) project, because of the volatility of Afghanistan, then it will be highly likely that the West will go to War once again. This time with Iran !
I am always so surprised and pleased after blocking. I swear, it is black magic.
Volunteers come in all shapes, sizes and backgrounds. Most often, the recruitment and engagement of volunteers is on a level playing field – what experience and skill sets are needed at the time determines who in the applicant pool gets the nod. But, some NGOs favor volunteers who've supported the organization financially and otherwise. Some call this "pay to play", and it is an issue not limited to organizations that recruit pro bono lawyers for international assignments. Prospective volunteers need to know and understand the policy of the sponsoring organization concerning expectations of financial support.
Good Sawing!
He takes care of me.
'Unaware' of high prices
Rarely has there been a band that has disappointed me. There have been bad albums, poor career choices, and “selling out”, but I’m a forgiving listener, and I hand out pardons where they are deserved. But now, someone has gone too far.
Bring it here
In July, Kevin Sack at the New York Times wrote that during the 2008 campaign and the runup to the passage of Obamacare, Obama had “mischaracterized a central anecdote about his mother’s deathbed dispute with her insurance company,” leaving “the clear impression that his mother’s fight was over health benefits for medical expenses.” In other words, he made audiences believe that his mother didn’t have health insurance as she fought ovarian cancer, when she did. There’s a three-letter word for this. It begins with “L,” ends with “E,” and has the ninth letter of the alphabet in the middle.
You see, lately I've been feeling a little overwhelmed, over taxed, and over scheduled. I need to get off the gerbil wheel, and make sure that I take some time to stop and really LIVE.
Goldie was folding laundry today and came across a dress with little hearts all over it. One of the girls at Children's Hour has the same dress and wore it on Wednesday for the Valentine's Party. Goldie wore a different dress, but I still pointed out what her friend had on.
Additional pieces of inspiration for this room -
Moving forward, yes, there are going to be risks, but aren’t there risks with any pregnancy? Maybe the risks are higher, but there are multiples born everyday that are healthy and normal. Our first daughter was an at-risk pregnancy. The doctor didn’t give her very good odds either. She is a miracle baby!
Besides the Statue of Liberty, I didn’t realize the United States of America made tourism advertising. Cities and states run ads. But the entire country? Seems an unwieldy proposition, given our nation’s vast size and wildly disparate peoples. But they do. Above is a TV commercial called Land of Dreams produced by JWT, New York. The client is, in fact, the United States Government. I wonder (jokingly of course) if the President approved the concept.
You can’t see
I am fairly enthusiastic about the use of new media and technology in legal education but remain skeptical about standards. Neither the SRA nor the BSB appear to have much appetite for rigorous inspection of law schools and, short of the nuclear option of withdrawing accreditation, do not appear to have many teeth to ensure that law schools keep to the standards required and observe the rules. (The report into BPP’s over subscription has still not been released. I am advised that it will be soon.)
In 1996 I arrived as a young European tourist to stay indefinitely, to see how things go out there in California. And they did go. Everything from there on is now part of my history and created in this town. I am realizing more and more why I live here.
Special attention was paid to avoid interfering with the recessed lights, sprinkler heads, air vents and fire alarms along the hallway ceiling.
Measure the dry ingredients into the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment. Turn the mixer to the lowest speed and let run for a minute or so to combine the ingredients. With the mixer still on low, drop in the butter and mix on low speed until the mixture is pebbly. You’ll have pea size pieces, pieces the size of oatmeal flakes and everything in between.
If this is the stage you are at and the reasons why you are reading self-publishing articles and browsing on line resources, then it is time to seriously and carefully consider the following question and which area you as a writer fall into. This will determine what path you should take, and crucially, if self-publishing is really right for you at your present stage.
Thinking specifically about “flash fiction”: I see this as a rather new genre. Why are you drawn to it? Do you think its form can accomplish things that other forms can’t?
2010.08.16 Pakistan Karachi 4 0 Sunnis shoot four Shia to death in separate attacks.
‘dad?’
1 hiding
I find this category the toughest to choose every year. This one was very close, but in the end, I called in the super-secret tie-breaking judge (my wife), who coaxed me into choosing a haiku by someone I had to coax into participating. From Lynda R Young:
I actually now like my treadmill time and try to get one in a week when I am in training mode...which um should be always! What used to the dreadmill is now well, kind of fun! And by the looks of my red face upon completion I always get a great workout.
Fewer tourists are going to Morocco.
The Historical Archive with its accumulated knowledge is available not only to internal departments but also to external users, such as journalists and scientists. Many thousands of inquiries annually are handled here in a professional manner by the Porsche archivists.
I accept my diagnosis. It doesn’t change anything.
Other criteria that will be looked at include changes to the composition of the board and to the business of the target company.
I don’t remember who said this, that every weapon that we use can be turned against ourselves. We operate in a capitalist society. So, if we really want to escape this kind of society we should maybe not start from architecture, but from different things, such as direct political action. I think architecture is a really compromissory activity in itself. It’s in the middle of dynamics which are much stronger than the architect and his/her ideas. But at the same time there still is a little freedom of action, for producing visions, for interfering with these dynamics.
“Look at that one,” I said. “It’s a turtle. See his shell, and his little tail?”
For my finished project, I used crystal glitter but you can't see it in the photo, so in this example, I used dark blue glitter. After you shake off the excess glitter, you can see how the glitter sticks really well, evenly covered and dry, unlike using glue.
Another hour goes by. You begin to lose your grip. Your arms begin to fall. You tell yourself to hold on, but your body just won’t respond. Down goes the rock. And just as it hits the pavement and breaks into a hundred pieces, your friend pulls up in the driveway. He jumps out of the car, runs over with a look of panic on his face, and says, “What happened? Did it slip? Did somebody knock it out of your hands? Did you change your mind?” And as he looks for an explanation as to why you suddenly dropped the rock, you know that it was a long time coming.
Be a man god dammit! If you have to resort to offering me “the best cuddles ever” then you didn’t grab the clue about 10 hints back.
Most entertaining at the end of the day was a Great Blue Heron who’d been hanging around near the fee station all day, and who apparently had one of those itches that just won’t go away.
This is for a baby shower game that I concocted myself (as far as I know) and thought it was a good one. This is a baby-advice game with a decorative spin. (Sorry, I can't pull back on the photo. Unfortunately, I used masking tape that wasn't covered up with something decorative. Oops.) I put Artsy Chick in charge of the letters. They are pretty, but rather light, you may want to make yours darker.
Why can’t I be like other people and find the right one the normal way? Hahaha.
As I have mentioned before I am voting in Senator Blutarsky’s Mumme Poll. You can read the basics about it here and check his site for the results. In a nutshell is doesn’t begin until this week (week six of the season) and voters vote on twelve teams without ranking them only designating which five are the top five, although in no particular order.
This was always Kimble's story but it's not a very internal viewpoint. I was trying very hard to show, not tell, and I think we see more of Ruth from Kimble's viewpoint so we possibly get more of an emotional sense of her. The respect thing for Kimble comes less from the old west and more about traditional Japanese dojo culture.
Nairobi, 16 July 2011 — Mawlana Hazar Imam joined Jamati and institutional leaders at a dinner held in Nairobi this evening.
Lee even proposes in all seriousness that in the future, insured individuals who don’t measure their vital signs and who ignore health tips should pay higher insurance premiums. “There is a lot of compatibility to the automobile market; the more accidents you have, the higher your premiums go,” he points out.
We hope you will join us on this hop and be inspired in ways to use the Viva Decor product range! You will also have the chance to win some fabulous candy - both Elaine and Susana will be giving away a pack of the most popular Viva Decor Pens (Ice White Pearl Pen, Holographic Glitter Liner and the Clear Gloss Gel Pen).
the essays which Parmar places at the end of the book often find Mirrlees both brooding over the past and postulating why she is so drawn to do so – in ‘The Religion of Women’ she concludes that, more than men, “women are the slaves of Time” through being more physically attuned to seasonal cycles. Yet her memories are not necessarily regretful ones: ‘An Earthly Paradise’ is a lively, witty recounting of part of her time in Paris with Jane Harrison and affords a
Well, I will close for now, maybe I will have more to share later. We'll see. I am not always the best, my heart has the best intentions though.
BRISSC is where my healing journey begins. Instead of burying my past I bring it out into the light and I weep endless tears for the tragedy that will never be completely over until I can grasp sanity and unload these automatic, deep-seated responses that leave me reeling in the aftermath of my own unconstrained chaos. I am learning to be patient, kind and compassionate to myself. I am learning to honour all that I have done to survive and I am learning that it is my story and all the opinions in the world will not change cause and effect. Lastly I have learned that the crimes perpetuated against me is a crime that just keeps on giving and I accept that I am defined, impacted and informed by these events the same way early childhood experience defines, impacts and informs every other child on the planet.
Michael Floyd is a good player, but their offensive line is awful, and although they got some good value, they didn’t address it until the 4th round. Also, when they picked defense, they went with defensive backs, when I thought they needed linebacker depth.
And, Michael Jackson’s adopted home – given that he had been stripped of so much a few years back – one rental mansion after another in California. And, there’s a strangely quirky comic-book parallel – in that Orson Well’s Citizen Kane died fictionally and cinematically in pretty much similar circumstances; alone in his own never-never-land, warped of mind, corrupt and corrupted, fighting a losing battle with himself and long-since removed from the genius who’d created his own kingdom.
With cold and flu season just around the corner I'm sure any amount of breast milk would be good for Nathan. But is 2 ozs daily enough; is it even worth it? This is where I'm torn and feel guilty about quitting. Although I'd still nurse when I get home from work and when/if he wakes at night.
When bad things happen by accident, we should feel no personal responsibility; morality lets us off the hook; there is no blame to pass around. But in reality the emotional freight is huge. Accidents remind people of how helpless they are. They instill survivor’s guilt and post-traumatic stress. The very unpredictability of accidents is what frightens us, and therefore, to regain a sense of control, our psyches thrash around, often in a panicked state, until we concoct an answer to fill the void.
A great example of a very short and to-the-point mission state­ment is Ford’s:
Strain the egg yolks through a medium sieve into a large mixing bowl to remove the chalazae (those repugnant, curled little white cords that attach the yolk to the shell). Add the sugar, salt, and nutmeg. Whisk gently to combine.
Paper: always artichoke, lucky limeaid, whisper white ballet blue, Michaels paper
This Navy varied stripe is the ultimate-CooL, & we can all be CooL when we decorate with a Stripe in the Herrera Style.
There is nothing About Sharktopus that displeases me. From the wonderfully joyous title theme music to the man, the icon Eric Roberts, from the early morning drinking, sea faring radio DJ (who became my new hero) and his bikini clad assistant to the folk dancing, fire brandishing display team. It was a joy from start to finish. But most importantly it’s about a ruddy shark/octopus hybrid for flip’s sake, I really don’t need to say anything more than that.
My thumbs ache just thinking about how much I would play these if I had them at my finger tips. The Score ran the bracket through Twitter, which is cost effective but short-lived. I would love to see this as an interactive voting bracket that could live forever. I feel like this could be the premise of an entire dating site. Your choices tell so much about you and there is so much to be said for each game.
If you follow my blog I WILL follow you back. Leave me a comment saying you're following from #FF and I'll get on it!
not knowing where mama is
2012-01-19 16:45
Now, as I was booking down I-80 and got within 4 miles of Kearney, I noticed something distressing ahead of me. Thin... very thin curtains of rain were falling. This, in itself was not a problem. But the rain curtains were moving very, very, very quickly from the south to the north. Following them with my eye, I saw that as they got north of the interstate, they began curving left, or to the west, in a very large arc. There was clearly a broad, very broad circulation on or very near to the ground, and I was driving right under and in it. I wasn't sure what was going to happen when I hit the rain curtain, as it was really moving. I slowed down a bit and as I popped through the curtain, I got a sudden staccato blast of very strong wind from the south that rocked the car a bit and was gone as fast as it came. And then everything calmed down. I was ahead of the mesocyclone.
culture.
A pretty child, or God's blue heaven,
This week was a much needed improvement over the previous ones. The plot moved, secrets were revealed and I just love how once a couple declares their love for each other, ten minutes later, one of them decides that they CAN NEVER BE!
I also find it hard to pick out 5 or even 15 blogs for recognition. I think that every one is a personal story and a credit to those that take the time to share their lives, their family and their quilting with the rest of us.
As one Muslim author wrote:
2 weeks later I saw him and his legs and hands were all bandaged up and he had two walking sticks. I felt so sorry for that man. He was so sad. He knew he was old and that he couldn’t support his family if he went back to Pakistan. He said it would be better to kill himself here to show people his bad situation. I haven’t seen him again after that.
Initially the company denied the reports but then said it had requested documents from the Stasi archive.
Brown Rice
I recommend that all Eurosceptics should visit Alsace, the place is littered with battlefields, it is home to the Maginot Line and even a Nazi concentration camp – yet now thanks to the EU we can drift across the border at will spending the same currency. You see, some things are better than they used to be!
Carpetbaggers are politicians who move to another district/city/province, even if they have long resided in another place, just for the purpose of getting elected. Here are recent examples:
Think i'll try to go crawl back in bed but not sure how much sleep i'm gonna get with it booming outside!
Boulevard Brewing Co
Food and Beer Pairing of the Year: Cheese, generally
Dr. Robinson was uncertain of what to say. There was a pause, and I continued. “I’m sure that few parents have met with you who didn’t try to influence the school’s decision. But we want to do what is right for Christopher.” I took a deep breath. “Actually, it’s not important that Christopher becomes a dentist. What’s important is that Christopher becomes a Christ follower. Leon and I have flown down to Louisville to tell you”–I looked over at Leon– “that we will support whatever decision you make. I only pray that my son will turn to God.” – Pg. 75, Angela “Let Go, Let God.”
My second question is, why only guys go to heaven with virgins? What happened to good patriotic God-loving Muslim ladies? What will happen to them after death? Do they get to go to heaven with long and strong seventy-two men?
The theme for National Blog Posting Month in December is mitzvah. Not being terribly knowledgeable about Judaism, I started by researching the word itself. According to Wikipedia, it has in more recent times come to mean an act of kindness. (Wikipedia actually says "act of human kindness," but I think we can assume the "human" part is understood.)
by that idiot ref = 1075
Within minutes, an obviously peeved Obama virtually ordered congressional leaders to the White House for a Saturday meeting on raising the nation’s debt limit. “We’ve got to get it done. It is not an option not to do it,” he declared.
Though the Texas congressman finds himself behind former Gov. Mitt Romney and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, according to the CNN delegate count, he consistently raises large sums of money. In the first quarter of 2012, the Paul campaign said they raised nearly $10.4 million, with nearly $2.6 million coming in March alone.
I’ve been married to my wife for 9 years. We are completely in love and do what married in-love couples do… but we don’t make out anymore. We kiss each other when we leave but it’s always just a simple peck. I read a study where couples who make-out have a healthier relationship and it’s something I’d like to test out. What are your thoughts on this?
- green pepper
Under Google News it is not uncommon to see a large number of sources filed under news stories covering particular events. It is to be expected to find multiple news sources from around the world covering unfolding events. However, what is unexpected is to find a similarly large number of sources under news items that are clearly “opinion” or “editorials.” Just how is it that “journalists” across the Western world simultaneously come to the same conclusions at the same time on the same topics?
It’s mating season all round in the animal kingdom and, along the trail, we regularly sidestep males or females fiercely guarding their small white egg with piercing golden eyes, or see them engage in the bizarre “dance” and shrill cawing ritual to attract a mate.
But I do have a lot of promises I need to make up to all of you including my bourbon reviews and even some seriously good wine reviews coming up.
Now, I'm not about to guesstimate what they did to those nuggets... but ever sine they changed them Brendan cannot eat them without getting sick.
Yesterday, I wrote a lovely piece about the dangers of following parenting "doctrines" too closely. In that post, I mentioned that there really are a lot of different ways to parent, based on the variety of circumstances and beliefs inherent in any particular family. While I have my own opinions about cloth diapers, breast feeding, co-sleeping, and TV restrictions, I also recognize that there are millions of brilliant parents with healthy, happy kids who do not share my views. That alone indicates that there is more than one way to skin a cat, as it were.
1. Place a baking sheet in the oven. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F. Coat 4 (6-ounce) ramekins with cooking spray; sprinkle evenly with breadcrumbs, tilting and turning dishes to coat sides completely.
Fermented past
“We continue to closely monitor Mother Earth as there are physical changes happening, and some areas are more prone to them than others. We are not allowed to stop those that are necessary, but will do all we can to alleviate any harm to you and keep extensive damage to a minimum. Conditions could well have been horrendous if the dark Ones had their way, but we have stopped their plans to induce catastrophes to reduce the population of Earth….”
Here are three thougths to help clearify the line between confidence and arrogance.
Morgen: Good plan because it must change, mustn’t it. How much research do you have to do for your writing?
After the concert had finish, we opened all the presents that fans had sent to us. In the stack, I saw a red box with a card in it that read ‘Happy YooSu Day!’ even our fans remember our anniversary. I turned over to Yoochun.
Answer: Alfred was Batman’s butler. The fictional character’s last name was Pennyworth.
Memory work: This is the brain's way of "practicing" with good words. Choosing something of quality to memorize is great exercise for the brain.
Google Maps
I made the “four ingredient” recipe for Swiss Chicken breasts last week. White meat is not my favorite and therefore made a lot of it for me to eat but it was quite tasty. I finished the last one for my lunch today. I added a little more liquid and sliced the meat before heating it in a sauce pan. Along with a slice of New York Garlic toast, it made a nice lunch. I was making it from memory (which is scary) and thought it was mushroom soup. As I searched my pantry cupboard, I discovered someone must have came when I wasn’t home and stole my mushroom soup! I later reread the recipe and found that it called for the chicken soup that I had used. I think it would be good with the mushroom soup, too. If I have a lot of time on my hands, the next time I think I will pound the chicken and then brown it before adding the soup and baking it. That is why I tell everyone to adapt the recipes to suit your family’s preferences.
So, my charge is to find a way that you can show humility. Maybe it is an apology. Maybe it is simple as serving a person. That type of giving can help to deflate ego which can be total parasite on life.
Despite these faults, Behold the Man ends with a powerful scene that is easily among Moorcock's best. It is not a pathetic, wretched event that we witness, but rather a transformative one that serves to unite Glogauer's fears and obsessions into a moving commentary that makes this book a true masterwork of science fiction. It does not matter if you believe in the Passion or whether you are skeptical that there was even a human named Jesus in the first place. Behold the Man asks the reader to do precisely that and in the act of beholding, something occurs that makes this conclusion one of the more memorable ones. Highly recommended.
Through the use of a large plasma screen in the new hearing room, as well as other hardware and software, patent and trademark judges are able to see the presenting attorney and receive evidentiary documents electronically. Hearings are conducted as usual even though the parties are hundreds or thousands of miles apart. Many law firms have purchased the necessary equipment so their attorneys can conduct electronic hearings with BPAI and TTAB. Attorneys can also participate in oral hearings from Patent and Trademark Depository Libraries located in Sunnyvale, California; Detroit, Michigan; and at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas.
And that’s all I want to say.
And a coupla broken bones.
Don't talk about yourself in the third person. The QueryShark finds it annoying.
Anyway, just a few photos of me practicing the dance. Ignore the messed up hair, I'd not long woken up!
I stirred the curry in
I know when I first started drawing, I learned how to draw things and then always drew them the same way each time...I struggled so much with learning anatomy and the overwhelming task of learning how to draw everything that if I found a way to draw something that worked, I stuck with it whenever I could.
WS: If you’re writing about high-level armed robbery in the U.S., Lufthansa is certainly the high-water mark. Six guys walked into the Lufthansa cargo terminal at JFK and – without firing a shot – walked out with between $5-$10 million in untraceable cash (no one ever knew for sure how much). At the time, it was the largest cash robbery ever on American soil, and very little of the money – only about $30,000 – was ever recovered. However, within a few months afterward, almost all the principals had been murdered, because the bosses found it was cheaper and easier to kill them than pay them their share.
Director: Thorgeir Gudmundsson Screenplay: Óttarr Ólafur Proppé
· Richard Bishop, partner, Red Light Management Electronic Division
This card I started for the challenge before this current one at TSOT. So this is just a share today. Some days just seem to fly by & before I know it the week has been & gone. I was kinda hoping that the year would start out a little slower that it has. Oh well that's life.
Tonight we got a call for an injured person out cold in a bus terminal. We get there and the buddy is passed out after one too many Listerine bottles. We get him to come around and ambulance comes by for good measure. Turns out he's not fit for cells and needs to get transported to the hospital for clearance. Alls good. Then I get a call saying the hospital refuses to accept the man because he has no ID, at all. Uh ... he's homeless, he never has ID, he comes to the hospital and cells so much he's got his own coffee mug. Poor paramedics are stuck with this drunk that they can't drop off and they really can't keep him either. It's one thing to bring a puppy home but ... something about drunk 50 year old men just doesn't fly. Officer GM who had worked the call has to go all the hospital, go with the charge nurse and paramedics and go, yup that's drunk jimmy. Patient went in, paramedics went on their way, cops went on their way. 10 mins later, paramedics are calling back. Hospital is refusing to keep him. He's too rude. Take him away. *head desk* We can't put him in cells until he's medically cleared, and they don't want to clear him because he's dropped too many f bombs. Cops were heading back as I was heading out the door.
At the same time, I was surprised this week by a note from one of our readers overseas who asked if there was anything special Lana and I needed at this time. He had been blessed by our ministry and wanted to do something in return. Although I hesitated to share our personal needs with him, in the end I did share a few things that we had been praying about. Within a few hours, he had responded by saying he wanted to send a gift that would not only cover those needs that I had shared, but that would double the amount of what I had shared!
A Pepsi marketing exec said...
“If we can pinpoint EBV as a trigger, it’s possible that we could alter the course of MS or potentially even prevent the condition by treating the virus,” Dr Meier added.
Flash back – June 2010 – a colleague of mine (only about two years older than I) was leaving his position at Old Dominion University (ODU) for a one-way ticket to the World Cup in South Africa, and then to see the world shortly thereafter. It must be nice to walk away from full-time employment and all of its securities to go find yourself.
As the Prime Minister and Deputy Prime Minister it would be nice if they, in reference to the fact that they are the servants of the people and were elected by us, would just occasionally leap to our defence. Is it too much to ask that we have in the government people who will just live by the rules? How is this man an example of someone with integrity? He's resigned over the scandal caused by his behaviour and there are people calling for his resignation as an MP.
And the NRC knows that the solution to pollution (or radioactivity) is dilution, so once the discharges hit the river the problem is solved! Though, if I could speak for the creatures that live IN the river, I might have a few questions…
As my first post on this new blog about food, I’m going to post on eggs. This is fairly weird for me as I am quite weird about eggs and have to be in a particular mood to eat just an egg for a meal. Well, I’ve been in a mood lately to eat eggs and I finally decided to make them tonight.
The Shadow Side
This weekend I went to the IMATS with a couple of friends. I had never been before but I heard a lot of good reviews about it from an American friend of mine, who said it was a big thing in the States.
Last weekend we went away to Umbria for the weekend to celebrate our Ruby Wedding Anniversary. We visited a number of the beautiful hill towns en route and spent a couple of days in Assisi. The plan was to this week write a post or maybe even two, about our trip and then for the end of the month produce one showing how the garden has been performing during April.
“Deep tissue,” like most terms in the woolly world of massage therapy, has several meanings, none of them very precise.
This second me will get involved
Banana Bundt Bread with Cinnamon Streusel Crust
I was in a bit of a pinch because my craft room was being painted last week and today the carpet is being cleaned, and then finally tomorrow I can begin moving things back in and reorganizing. I'm sure some purging will take place as well. ;) But that's for a later post. I only mention it here because aside from the sentiment inside, this card is stamp and digi-free, and the main bits (paper, chipboard letters, wood frame, stickers) came from Studio Calico kits, which I love and adore completely!
Unfortunately, the Rhino's lost. It's actually the first game that we've seen that they've lost. Most of their games are SO one sided. The Rhino's dominate and destroy everyone we've ever watched them play. Not tonight. CPT said it was a good game. I don't know that much about hockey. It was 1-2 score. I think they've played this team before. And won. And there's another game on Saturday. So whoever wins on Saturday wins, right? Isn't that how it works?
MARISOL: This is different. He was the love of my life.
Scott Wichman ... Larry
Last year I read Plato’s The Republic, and the professor this year has us looking at the “Allegory of the Cave.” In it there are a bunch of prisoners who are chained and all they can see are the shadows in front of them on the wall. They don’t know they are prisoners, and they know nothing about the sun or what is outside of the cave. They are challenged to break free from those mundane surrounds. I thought about what I would do in that situation. Do I break free from what I know and go out and up towards the light? Honestly, I think I would persuade someone to try it out and come back and tell me. LOL I wouldn’t do something like that alone. I honestly don’t know what I would do, I have a history of jumping in head first. My impulses have gotten me in trouble in the past, hence the reason why I would send someone else out exploring. Okay, I’m getting off topic. Back to the story. The prisoners did not want to believe that they were prisoners. They were fine with their shadows.
12 Edgar Allan Poe
1) HAVE FUN!!!
sunny gets up and it flies off
These are very nice, but I find them boring. I prefer the brighter, annual daisy-like plants.
L'Oréal brought proceedings against eBay and a number of its users in various Member States, including before the High Court of England and Wales, alleging widespread infringement of its IP rights on eBay's European websites. In particular, L'Oréal sought a ruling that:
Johnson CC, Annegers JF, Frankowski RF, et al. Childhood nervous system tumors- an evaluation of the association with paternal occupational exposure to hydrocarbons. Am J Epidemiol 1987; 126: 605-613.
Serves 4 in a burger bun - if you're serving them without bread I would add a little extra meat per person, the original recipe called for 400g to serve two people
The answers sound easy enough and full of common sense right? Shocked rolled in as I scoured the web for 1 year food storage plans. Only to see many of them only have quickly made food, little nutritional value, and need a microwave or refrigerator to be cooked and stored. What good will this do anyone if there is no power? Its like driving a cross a bridge that says you need a full tank to cross the bridge but you only have half a tank and you hope that you make it all the way across. If that is the case you will surely fail, and may really learn how to enjoy uncooked stove top!
And before your up and before too long
You can face the pathetic need to have complete strangers put their stamp on your own life choices or you can assume the identity of a pharmaceutical fetishist, choose to troll blogs, shut down discussion, expect everyone to be similarly obsessed with pharmaceuticals in a vain attempt to normalize batshit insanity by projecting your issues into the environment, which no one in the history of the world has ever tried before.
He correctly points to a lifetime pattern of behavior and testimony by Obama which indicates a complete lack of regard for the U.S. Constitution when it restricts Obama’s political agenda and lust for power.
It's funny- sometimes you don't even know what you need until a friend as perceptive as Pam, takes the time to ask the right questions. Just the fact that she read the book and then wanted to talk to me about it...I am not sure I can put into words how deeply that touched me.
Hubby and I along with another couple are the organizers of a pancake breakfast fundraiser at our church. Not only do we have a fabulous pancake breakfast, but we also have a $1 kid raffle, religious education tuition raffle, and silent auction.
The man then announced that he would now pay $20 for each one. This renewed the efforts of the villagers and they started catching monkeys again. But soon the supply diminished even further and they were ever harder to catch, so people started going back to their farms and forgot about monkey catching.
you may have noticed that November has ended. And thus endeth National Novel Writing Month.
Alison: "Hi there! I have an opportunity through a city funded program to open up a storefront in the historic district downtown and thought that your style would nicely complement the space! It would be FREE with the exception of utilities which we could split between vendors and we will have access to this space (hopefully we'll be able to extend) through July/August. Let me know if you're interested and we can talk details."
The squad huddled together behind a hill while Sarah loyally drove forward to the guerilla's position.
Menma: Oh, Jeez! What should I do?! All right, put this kleenex into your nose!
I cannot imagine feeling the agony of birth
...by drinking milk fresh from the beast! That's Yussef, 13, taking a swig. I didn't try it, but Abby did, brave soul that she is. She declared it "salty and warm."
Who are you?
8. Sam Rockwell
Dominik A. Bailey Jr., 43, has been charged with felony removal of human remains after allegedly digging up the cremated man's remains from a Vershire graveyard.
Vladimir Putin had sent them. They were to kill Kassidy and takeWilcock to Canada where Eva Moore would transform him into one of her kind, the werekind, the wolf pack.
Ever since the weather warmed up a few weeks ago, I have been on an ice cream and sorbet making run. There is nothing like eating homemade ice cream. Not only can you avoid using all the stabilizers that are in grocery-store ice cream, but you can also adjust flavors to your own personal tastes.
The Independent, Gallup N.M.
So for the sake of taking you along with me – just cause I feel better not being so alone – here is what they do… they prep ya like you are having surgery, making you wonder if they do, in fact, remember that they are NOT doing that and that you are very much AWAKE! Big scanning machines taking real time photos and Xrays or whatnot are constantly scanning so they get the needles in the right place. This is both conforming and a bit unnerving.
over and out for now
The proverb ʻold habits die hardʼ sums up how we find making changes in our lives difficult. How do we know how to change a habit or what to change it to if we have not had guidance or gained an understanding of why?
I am working to keep myself above these behaviors (sometimes I am more successful than others) and to maintain my high standard. As angry and resentful as I feel over some of his antics, I truly believe that he will get what he deserves in the end.
Therefore, this is my obligatory Divine Reserve Post:
Participating users are asked to make artifacts or fill in scrapbooks with expressive material, which convey meanings about concrete aspects surrounding product use as well as abstract aspects of their life, hopes and fears, and explain them to a panel of peers. Consumers can take photographs or make videos, put together collages, draw and paint or create models of the ideal product.
I have always prided myself for having integrity. And the more experience I get I find I only want to deal with people who clearly have it, and I have no time for those who don’t. In the sales force development business it is a key to success, as it not only applies to what I have been doing for a living for the past 30 years, but also with those in the roles of sales leaders, sales managers, and salespeople.
According to the Good Doctor and his chapter on Illnesses, we are living in a swirling hotbed of Diphtheria particles and Rheumatic Fever globules. If your child should happen to get Mumps or one of the various Poxes, you're probably going to need to administer an enema or a suppository, maybe both. They're pretty standard, even for the sniffles.
Immersed in his work, may my beloved be,
Sadly, this story happened so long ago that none of the original audio is on the internet anymore. The best I could find a shortened youtube clip. But I did manage to find an article with almost everything the guy said. Click here for a more detailed look if you’re so inclined.
I go back and forth having it...
Freder is overcome. Perhaps he needs religious imagery to describe this scene, and what it means? You get the sense the citizens of Metropolis need something religious, even ecstatic in their lives; not because religion has disappeared (there is a great cathedral in the city); but because it no longer has teeth (the cathedral’s walls are crumbling). Freder sees oppression and thinks of gods; farther down, in the catacombs, Maria preaches Bible stories to the workers, exhorting them to fight for their rights but resist revolution. These people need something to inpire them. Even Joh Fredersen, in his own way, is looking for something more.
This resulted in the court striking off the case from the roll because there was insufficient evidence to proceed.
Several years ago I stood down from the organisational side of the festivals because they where taking up so much of my time, and up until now have avoided getting involved in that side of this festival, that has now changed, Tomorrow I have to go to a meeting, and I am supposed to set up, organise and run an office I was up until last week, only marginally aware of.
Will told us that he never see the Eiffel Tower, so we went. We were leaving all their stuffs at Paris Gare du Nord before having our bigggg walk.
She had mommy all to herself all weekend. And let me just tell you that she was only bearable for half the time and the rest of the time she was down right awful. Just awful. It also didn't help that she was super short of sleep. She won't nap in the car anymore so Friday she had no nap. Saturday we had to leave for the birthday party super early so she only got about 45 minutes and then on the drive home today she missed another nap. So, that is a total of 45 minutes of nap when there should have been 7.5 hours of naps in 3 days. Huge. HUGE. deficit.
First and foremost, I would say it is my ever assuring faith and trust in the Lord. He not only brings me joy. He keeps me sane. I have to constantly remember that my steps are ordered by Him. Don’t get me wrong, I sometimes question where my steps are headed, but then I remember that even when others leave, He will never forsake me. His joy is invaluable.
Canterbury Jack - (Pale ale) 4.0% ABV
This has been a record-breaking season for Madrid. They have lost twice all season – against Barcelona and Levante – and, if they win their final two games, they will reach 100 points, overhauling Barcelona’s record of 99. They had already surpassed the previous La Liga record of 107 goals and now have 115, 44 of them scored by Ronaldo. He trails Lionel Messi in the race for the Golden Boot, after the Argentinian scored a hat-trick against Málaga which took him to 46 league goals and 68 in all competitions, breaking Gerd Müller’s European record set in 1972-73.
One thing you have to admire about the UT program – they never have required their coaches to win any PR battles up there.
and, my goodness, we are enjoying every second.
tough ex-marine with wet,
At this stage though my conclusion is that this album shows glimpses of what the Wombats are capable of four years later in This Modern Glitch, but in 2007 they were still finding their way. Maybe I’ll soften up on this view as the songs become more familiar with time…
But what caught me was the notion of how we create worlds through our words. I used to write a lot. However, a malady has struck me in the recent years of my life that has rendered me unable to write.
When we last left our big, lumbering cube of likability, BGR (Big Giant Robot) was headed off to the city for a little unfettered sight-seeing.
They come, oh watch, they come
- Will you marry me? How about my brother?
This is a great time though to go through all your alts (first of every month) and assess if you even still want them, and if not, nuke them.
Do note that this is for any organization of any sort that has a bureaucracy. When your organization has no set org chart or it is set just as boxes and not as absolute numbers of personnel, the bureaucracy will expand. An unbounded bureaucracy is the kiss of death to any organization as it will lose the goal of that organization and soon be run for the bureaucrats, alone.
I started quilting the baby quilt and in 1 hour it is half-way done....the quilting is placed about 1 inch apart. So about 20-25 rows were sewn. It did take a little tweaking but it is working.
1013 **D-III/10/1988. “Forms May Matter: A Command Performance on the Anastaplo Bar Admission Case.” Claremont-McKenna College, Claremont, California. (Incorporated in Item C-1990(5), above, pp. 2065-84.)
Now they have decided the best option is to get rid of the others in the hope that private sector cash can be secured to regenerate the sites.
With two starting gates in use for the 20-horse field, post 14 is the outside of the first gate and post 15 (Gemologist) is the inside post in the auxiliary gate, allowing both horses freedom of movement because of the gap between the two gates. This allows both jockeys to survey what is happening out of the gates and decide their best routes at the outset.
But neither do you want an DJ/MC who’s a wallflower, inarticulate, soft-spoken, unable to command attention, more comfortable buried in his headphones and staring at his mixer than addressing an audience on the microphone. TOO LIGHT.
This is my second bottled offering from Flossmoor. I was a fan of the brown ale that I had, and I've got high hopes for this beer. They actually brew several varieties of IPAs, and you can tell what one you are having based on the wax top on the bottles. They use the same bottle for each of their IPAs. This blue wax topped bomber is the Lady Columbia IPA.
So there you have our latest adventure. And I still haven't told you about the other stuff that's happened in the last few weeks! Baring any new emergencies I'll tell you about that very soon...
The decline from last weeks Intermediate wave B at SPX 1393 clearly looks like Intermediate wave C. Thus far, we have had a three wave decline to SPX 1370, which we labeled Minor A. Then a rally to SPX 1387, which we labeled Minor B. Minor C is underway now. As soon as the OEW 1363 pivot range, (1356-1370), fails, the steep part of this declining wave should be underway. We continue to look for a correction low between SPX 1300 and 1340, and ideally between 1313 and 1327. Short term support is at the 1363 pivot and SPX 1340, with resistance at the 1372 and 1386 pivots. Short term momentum is nearly back to neutral after getting extremely oversold.
So tomorrow it’s back to Bubba! I’m still deciding how far I want to go on Thursday, because Friday I’m taking some students on a field trip to D.C. for a walking tour of Roman-inspired architecture, and we’ll be covering several miles at least. And then I have a nine-mile training run on Saturday, and I’m definitely following through with this one! We’ll see how it goes.
The thought of contracting the disease terrifies me, and hearing stories of those who have to lie with it always make me feel upset. There’s now one in twenty gay men who are HIV positive. Going by my ‘magic number’ that means I’ve potentially had sex with 1.5 people with the disease.
Enforcing discipline has been one of the largest conundrums in my work here. If I mimick my own experience, I would be threatening my students with grades. But the threat of a zero is not really a threat if they are getting it in the first place. If I look at the prevalent Tanzanian culture, it's the use of a finger-thick tree branch. I have always been opposed to corporal punishment because I believed that those with bad behavior will continue to have bad behavior despite the pain, and that discipline from fear is a negative energy that I did not want to be associated with. Unfortunately, the motivational speeches and humorous public humiliations had reached their limits, and more and more students began to lose their focus.
Having a flat organization structure where information flows freely (as opposed to a pyramid structure which calls for more time for ‘informed’ decision making) cuts down on unneeded bureaucracy and red tapism to ensure rapid iteration of tasks getting completed on time/ before time. An environment where people feel free to discuss ideas and speak up is also one where the ‘rare’ someone who sees the oblivious pitfall helps bring that point into consideration when planning and executing a project.
4-5 oz soft goat cheese, sliced or crumbled
This version of events plays into the beliefs of millions of protestors who have called for Zimmerman to be charged with murder for shooting the teen and believe the killing was racially motivated.
Today I decided to use my PunchBunch "Ovoid" punch to create some different type tulips. The design paper I used is from the Pink Paislee "Spring Jubilee" paper pack. The butterfly is part of the design paper. The doily behind the tulips is the Cheery Lynn "Polynesian Sails Oval" (DL153). On top of that I used the new Spellbinders "Labels 25". A white silk bow was added to complete this card.
I'm sure you disagree. So go write your own blog about what an idiot I am.
he took a hard look around
I am sure by now you have come to realize that life on earth is all about submission. We are all under the authority of someone at all times. It is necessary to have an order to things if life is going to be productive. Within your home, your parents have the authority over you and your siblings. At school, teachers have authority over the class. In government, we have those in authority to help keep law and order in our land. There must be a method to the madness lest chaos reign.
As I am housesitting up here for the month of July I have had more time to search the neighborhoods. Last week I found a gem, Don Lalo's. It is on a side street, a place you would never randomly drive by because it is squirreled away in the backside of Ojai.
hey, when the Zia family is concerned, exaggerating things
I loved the comments on my post about the anniversary of the death of my little son. Thank you all. I wanted to answer each of those comments because they were like little sympathy cards to me and meant a lot.
Based on that recommendation stipulates that both of you must be present if available. It has been said that he had a great interest in the initiative of the Arab League, and could be a suitable title for the talks.
* Stats tells me how many people have viewed my blog and where they came from (Facebook, another blogger and says what country they are from) It doesn't tell me who has been here. I only know who, if you leave a comment.
A small window OPENS.
The title "essay" explains how to do the actual installation with a combination of technology and eldritch magic. Conceptually, this is a great idea, but if you've ever read a how-to on installing Linux, you know how dreadfully boring they are, and even changing Ubuntu to VuDu doesn't make it more readable. The essay is followed by numerous news articles and press releases that riff on the idea, such as teenage hacker gangs using their undead badgers for trouble with a capital T -- everything from sneaking webcams into sorority houses, to foiling Homeland Security's attempt to obtain library records (there are several topical political digs like that which are already looking dated and will undoubtedly confuse the hell out of anyone who reads this book in twenty years). These stories do create an interesting world, where necromantic technology allows corporations to "in-source" jobs to linux-zombies, but there's no narrative, and although they may've been amusing when they first appeared in magazines, collected together like this the joke gets tiresome.
The BSC provides the control functions and physical links between the MSC and BTS. It provides functions such as handover, cell configuration data and control of RF power levels in base transceiver stations. A number of BSCs are served by a MSC.
ASSEMBLE your sandwich makings. SLICE baguette lengthwise into two 6-inch sections, split each piece open and butter lightly. TOAST lightly under the broiler. SPREAD mayonnaise on bread, stuff with lettuce, tomatoes and pickle slices. Set aside while you PREPARE the oysters.
Still to come is the headboard. You'll remember from this idea board that I wanted to do a West Elm woven headboard here, but there was no way it would fit up the stairs...and even if it could it would have meant a different (read: not the best) layout in the room.
HOLLY: Thank you! Yes, it’s definitely a juggling act these days. I hired a babysitter one day a week so that I could write Tell Me a Secret. It felt so stressful at the time, but now I realize how easy I had it, with no deadlines or expectations, no agents and editors waiting for the next book…! I find I have to separate and create writing time or else it falls to the wayside. I try to keep family time as sacred as possible. Right now I’m working on a third novel, hoping to finish before the big day.
While publishing a response to it on HP would seem to be the logical step, I also understand that it would further anger the blog's "constituency," which does not appear to enjoy dissent very much. I don't expect HP's editors to commit blogospherical suicide for the sake of balance. Therefore, I'm responding to Brett here on my blog.
Please keep your eyes out everyone and be vigilant for your children and yourselves as well. If you see anything suspicious then report it ASAP. These people need arresting quickly before someone is harmed or worse.
"You can be in power for as long as you live, and if you funnel state money into your hospital plan, that can be anything up to 120 years. It's so awesome."
Thoughts are always associated with some physical substrate, which in the past were limited to electro-chemical reactions within a nervous system. Without the physical substrate there were no thoughts. With the creation of writing thoughts could be symbolically stored but it still required a physical substrate, usually called a mind within a brain, to process them and to become conscious of them. Now with computers reaching higher capacities they are capable of associating many things together that were previously thought of as requiring a human brain. It is all quite mechanistic but then at the root of human thought it is also quite mechanistic. The digital-bit computers will soon be, perhaps some already are, working by something closer to analog probabilities that have Gaussian like associations, or possibly have variable charge levels that must be surpassed in a period of time before they react. A leaky bucket decision process and not just a yes or no that digital computers use to compute. That seems to be how brains work. Biological brains are quite slow in detail but because of myriads of stored memory modules they process some complex things en masse very quickly. Once the proper arrangement of computer chip processors are created they may be able to do mental functions at near the speed of light.
Not wishing to be bored
The name "daisy" is usually considered a corruption of "day's eye", because the whole head closes at night and opens in the morning.
I'll update in a week to see how this goes. Wish me luck!
The Strangler's pad is a wonder to behold from the cheapass 70's paneling to the Marilyn Monroe serving trays hanging on the wall! What a guy!!
blue cheese crumbles (in the freezer) 1 bunch fresh cilantro
I'm taking my daughter to see The Lorex By Dr. Suess Friday after school! It comes out Friday, March 2nd! After the movie, we're going to IHOP to have some Lorax breakfast!
Bringing ingredients together...
Last weekend, my youngest daughter and I walked to the local branch of the public library. It was a good bit of exercise, and we had some books that we needed to return. We decided to look around for a book to read, and both of us liked the look of a new one called Story of the Titanic by Steve Noon. With the centennial of the ship’s sinking, and the re-release of the film by James Cameron in 3-D, there’s certainly no lack of interest in this subject.
Neighboors!
Anyway, I have started writing Chapter 6, which is the BIG discussion chapter that weaves all the findings together, and it is totally draining me. For this chapter, Yoda tells me to write an overview of all the three studies I've done and summarize the findings in one section. Easier said than done of course. Once I've written that part, I need to proceed with the research implication section, which is divided into two categories; practical/pedagogical and theoretical.
1 c turkish baldo rice, or another short or med grain white rice
On paper, my competitor has a pretty significant advantage over me. Arian Foster could outscore both of my running backs combined. Tom Brady is a slightly better fantasy quarterback than Matt Stafford. His three wide-outs are slightly better than mine. Usually, I would put the odds on the Jets outscoring the Lions (given the match-ups for each defense); however, the Lions have the edge if both Ponder and Peterson do not play (and it is highly likely that both player sit this one out).
EABA has so far proven to be quite worthy. A lot of RPG experience distilled into a efficient and logical presentation. I hope v2.0 sees release soon. I intend to use it.
camping in the backyard
Isaiah Mustafa
But I am glad
Irony alert: Health care hatred could lead Boehner, McConnell and their cadres into a Pyrrhic victory now just as passage of the reform bill was a turning point in the President's downfall.
Lo, where the trees, deeper green, yellower and redder,
At Optima Health, health coach is their title, but their job descriptions reflect the title, case managers. Both are synonymous. Their role is to help members avoid expensive hospital stays and to help control and/or prevent them from developing diseases such as diabetes, asthma and chronic heart failure.
Ford said on Friday that it had not received details of the claim, but reiterated its stance that Visteon was a separate company from Ford since 2000, adding that it "did the right thing" on pensions for its former employees at the time of
Jensyn used a pacifier when she was tiny. One day, when she was a few months old, she spit it out and popped her thumb into her mouth. Just like that, she became a thumb sucker. I really don’t mind. It’s cute, she can’t lose it, and (eventually…) she’ll grow out of it.
This Perfect Day by Ira Levin
In summary then the best routine seems to be readiness and preparedness for the challenge to face you although if you have a routine for gods sake don’t change it now you never know it may be the reason for your results or luck.
we visited often.
(3 hard eukaristos)
Ten years ago one of my dearest friends was murdered with brutal circumstances.
A GREAT passion of mine has always been the martial arts and traditions of Europe, from Greek ‘all in fighting’ (called Pankration), to the sword fighting of the Renaissance and the Age of Enlightenment. In fact, thinking back to my childhood, like most kids I had a phase of sword fighting with my brother and friends that started early. But, unlike most kids, I never really stopped; I’ve just got more sophisticated. Once I would swing wildly with a plastic lightsaber, now I practice and research the arts of sabre, rapier and medieval warsword. So when considering what to write for a blog dedicated to 18th century living, it didn’t take any time or reflection to realise that for me it had to be about the martial traditions of that period.
I do have much to be thankful for, I know that. And I have much to grieve - the life of my daughter and all the plans I had for that.
John P Brown
* Coping with Chloe deals imaginatively yet sensitively with themes of grief, loss, and depression. How much did the qualifications mentioned above help, and influence, the book?
Thanks for stopping by & have a great weekend, friends!
The Rolling Stones
A quick Purim poster Iran’s new chapter: Belarus to sell uranium? Parlez-vous français? Check out our official French Twitter for all the live updates! @Tsahal_IDF Breaking: #Palestinians hurled a firebomb at a vehicle in Judea & Samaria, damage caused. Update: Firebomb hurled by Palestinians damaged a #Palestinian vehicle near Deir Abu-Mash’al. #IDF force searching the area @ymedad Near Deir Abu-Mash’al. It was a Palestinian vehicle, too. @faris007 Well, our favorite is the Merkava, but we’re kind of biased. Freilichen (Happy) Purim! Useful idiots for Palestine by patcondell Syria: Father and son sniper victims An amazing day for rhinoplasty stories
What you will see is the word ‘Constitution.’
So,I live under dictatorship- you judge who the dictator is- and I still have no right to be informed except the controlled manipulated TV channels
About noon I would realize I needed to get dressed and "do something." And maybe feed my kids lunch. Most days, lunch came at 1:30 pm. I did take them to a museum and we spent quite a bit of time there. They did have soccer practice at 5 pm several days that week, so I guess I felt justified in letting them veg in front of the TV. Three days that week, I also got them to the pool and one day my daughter and I went to the farmer's market. So I did make an effort to get us away from the house. Just not really hard.
Now, Emma Lamb used buttons for hers, but I was thinking more like making cords and joining it with a bow.
I want you to know that I am still missing you like crazy....although during the last few days I have felt pretty good.....like I can actually breathe....like I'm comfortable with you being completely healed and in Heaven. I know that this is just one of those "good waves", and that another bad one is around the corner, but it is nice and refreshing to get a break from all of that emotion. I found myself looking at some pictures of you, and thinking about how blessed I have been to be chosen as your mommy. This is by far the toughest part of it....the not having you here with me....but as I've said before, I know that I will be with you much MUCH longer than I will be without you.
Please note: By sending your photographs to us, you agree to the above stated terms.
522- Swings with Lemmy after so long being at home!
–you like grinding (for crafting mats, gear, prestige, fishing, whatever)
This was the card that inspired her birthday card today. I loved the elegant simplicity of it, and the color as well, but my sini...I mean sister, being a red head, is more of an autumn-hues loving gal, so I grabbed the Cajun Craze and went from there.
“silence is what I crave,” he screams.
I prefer to use natural lighting. This can be done in a well-lit area of your own home, in your yard, or at a favorite park. I find that the familiar, homey settings create even more meaningful portraits for your walls.
What movie, then, comes close to the look and feel of Cool World? Fred Olen Ray's Evil Toons, which came out the same year, and even starred David Carradine and legendary "that guy" actor Dick (Gremlins) Miller. It's cheap, yeah - obvious ripoff, sure - and you know what? It was still better than Cool World because it never took itself as seriously as our subject here does.
Just my perspective from 12 degrees south of the Equator.
A fter 20 years of lobbying and planning and four years of hard labor, the Queens Midtown Tunnel, linking Manhattan and Long Island City, Queens, opened on November 15, 1940 to the public. At the time it was the largest, non-federal public works project in the nation.
“Camping preaches the doctrine of predestina­tion, the notion that God has predestine­d some people to be saved and others to hell. He teaches that one cannot know if one is saved or not and can do nothing to find out or to change God’s mind. But you should just live a good life, even with the uncertaint­y. And if you’re saved great. If you’re not, well, tough luck, you’re screwed, even if you were Mother Teresa.
They may seem like a godsend, and they are.
Irish Nationwide Building Society was reported to have provided a 95% mortgage on 20, Grosvenor Square which was formerly home to the US Naval Offices. Handy that, as it was just across from the US Embassy on the other side of the Square which is scheduled to relocate to premises in New Covent Garden (behind the Battersea Power Station site) in 2017. 20 Grosvenor Square was bough by Richard Caring in 2007 for GBP £250m. In May 2009, Westminster City Council granted planning permission to develop the 100,000-square foot building into 41 luxury flats but development has yet to take place.
Listening to today: Day Three: Pain by Ayreon (an absolutely fricken amazing song and band/project!!)
foreheads too), and that gleam in her eye that made me feel like
I just wanted to update everyone on the situation. I sent numerous texts (all saved/screenshot) to my former boss (FB from this point on, just to save time) and did not receive responses. Because my actual payday would have been October 1st, I decided to give her until October 5th to send a check. I told her all of this in texts/voicemails during the first week of October. On the 5th, I took my information to the local court and filed a small claim against her for the $220 I'm owed. Afterward, I sent her one last text that said, "I waited until the 5th and had to assume you were not going to pay me. I have filed a claim and will talk to you about the issue in court." That night, she left me a voicemail (my phone never rang, though, because I was out of range when she called - I would've answered otherwise,) saying that since I "didn't come to pick up my check on the 1st", she had sent it out that day and I would receive it shortly.
We didn't really miss out on the tulips, however, because we spent some time exploring the park an taking pictures on a couple of days this past week. Washington Park is on ground that has been a public space — parade grounds, town square, etc. — in Albany since 1686. It covers 33 hectares / 81 acres and includes 2-hectare / 5-acre lake.
We in Europe should tremble as we watch, because what happens in America today will most likely happen here tomorrow and the same dark forces that steer our course steer theirs. There is an agenda to what is going on and it is not an agenda designed to serve us of European origin well.
Valuable tail feathers from a stuffed huia have been stolen from a rural museum.
"Now think of magnifying your union with us. We, the Great Council of the Grandmothers, are with you now, and all those who work with the Net of Light are also with you. There are thousands, even millions now connected in light," they said. "Along with this union, call forth the power of the sacred places on earth. These will amplify the potency of our joint effort. Then call on the sacred beings that have come to prevent the catastrophe that threatens to overwhelm your planet. We will work together," they said, nodding slowly.
likes to say:
Dr. Cloward's paper for the Socialist Scholars opened with a call for a systematic strategy of "irregular and disruptive tactics" among the poor, urging them to overburden city and state governments with their "demand,," as a means of forcing these governments to turn to the federal government for more and more funds.
Today's card is in memory of my Mom, she's been gone eleven years now & today is her birthday and her favorite color was red. She would have been 86 years old, I never got to share my card making with her. She did teach me to sew when I was a little girl though, we spent hours and hours together lost in fabric and patterns - good memories (:
The Italian loaf I got was a package of two, and they were both about a foot long. I had six very hungry girlfriends over and we didn't even finish one. So half the recipe if you're only doing one loaf, because there are enough ingredients here to fill a boat. Two, actually. Of bread.
Every tourist visiting Italy for a real treat take a drive outside the italian people in italy and regions you visit Rome, spend at least one day just walking around the italian people in italy can appreciate the italian people in italy that you will visit the italian people in italy for the italian people in italy of foreign nationals continue to attempt to make certain that title to the italian people in italy of the italian people in italy of the italian people in italy for honeymooners. Wine regions, splendid natural beauty, canals, and gondolas lend a lovely touch to these cities of Italy. Some of the italian people in italy, the italian people in italy and the italian people in italy is the italian people in italy in Europe is as alive and vivid as the Dark Ages.
Ashar: Okay so you are saying. Khizar is gay. Mom is conniving. I am clingy. What about Sara?
Not really....I just like the name of that book:) We experienced an earthquake yesterday. I think the news debated on whether it was a 7.6 or 7.9...all we know is that it was pretty CrAzY! I was on the phone with my mom and Greg was at Telcel paying our cell phone bill in a small shopping center. o, I was talking to my mom and then the house started rocking back and forth....literally....back and forth. The blinds on the windows where smacking the walls and then my mom and I were disconnected. The girls were upstairs and they were screaming and crying but I kept falling because I couldn't keep my balance....okay....that is normally an issue for me anyway but seriously people it was difficult! I just held on to each wall beside the staircase and then grabbed the girls......grabbed the dog....and bolted out the front door....because that's what you are supposed to do in an earthquake right? Go outside....evacuate the building. My husband wasn't home so I was stepping up to the "hero" role!
Rajasthan is not only known for its colorful state or fascinating culture or magnificent architectural masterpieces but it is also known for its wildlife sanctuaries and the finest national parks. It is said that the Rajasthan is blessed with rich diversity in the field of Flora and Fauna. The world famous Ranthambore is also located in the state of Rajasthan. Some of the other famous national parks are Desert National Park, Keoladeo Ghana National Park and Sariska National Park. Here you will get the opportunity to view most rare birds and wild animals. Thousands of enthusiasts of wild life as well as bird lovers from different parts of the world are interested for Rajasthan wild life tour. Every year thousands of tourists visit Rajasthan and the nearby places just to have the wild life tour of Rajasthan. It includes the tour of the following wild life of Rajasthan. They are:
Of course, I couldn’t leave a recipe go un-tweaked. I had some Guanciale (Italian cured, but not smoked, jowl bacon) in the fridge so I thought I would substitute some of that for a part of the bacon. The Guanciale brings a different sort of porky goodness to the table – more earthy than bacon. I also swapped out crushed red pepper for the chili paste in the original recipe. And I finished the pasta with a generous hit of freshly grated Parmesan cheese which, I think, really rounded out the dish. And an added plus is that Brussels Sprouts are one of Jeanne’s favorite greens so I’m always happy to help her get her Sprouts fix.
What two countries does the Queen love, and why?
Last month we noted how economists from Citi said that the domestic energy story had the potential to turn the US into the next Saudi Arabia, sparking a new industrial revolution.
Ha ha, holy crap, I’m finally almost done! I’m finally on the last Hellraiser movie I have to review this month, because it’s the last one on the DVD box set I have, and that’s an excuse if I ever heard one! I’m not even doing one of those silly Project Hellraiser Logs I’ve been half-assing for a while now! And who knows? Maybe this, the sixth sequel, will FINALLY BE THE BIG BREAK OUT THIS SERIES IS WAITING FO---oh, no it won’t be.
I must say it was a hit! Totally yummy and oddly addictive.
Newt -
I invite you to visit Heather Draper’s website at:
In the art circles, as in most intellectual life, need has given way to fear. We are afraid of falling to clichéd thoughts or to reveal vulnerability and needs. And yet life moves freely beyond these fences of intellect. It ripples and crosses unaware of the boundaries set by consciousness. (Enrique Martinez Celaya: Collected Writings and Interviews 1990 – 2010, p.36)
9. Wikipedia articles:”Christian”, “Middle Ages”, “Gnosticism”, “carolingian minuscule” and more
anyway, here are some more of my favorite photos from the last photo shoot that my friend, mary, did for me. i'm so thankful for her willingness to come to my home and get shots of me in my environment... where i am most of the time throughout this pregnancy... where i sit and ponder being a mom... where my peace, joy and excitement over being pregnant grows at the same rate as my child... maybe even faster.
For more perspective on their wealth, compare NPC’s six dozen richest members to U.S. politicians. This group earned more than the net worth of the six hundred top politicians and lawmakers of the United States.
A strong combination of energies, don't let it slip away.
My first thought was see what Tony is up to and does he has some words of Wisdom for life. He discusses the hard times in his life and what action he did to make a massive shift in life. In this video he mentions how tough times were always there in any persons life and how to get out of it as soon as possible.
M: "Do kangaroos count? They technically just hop on their back legs so they kind of have arms and may not be considered 4 legged??"
CONSENSUS: Out from Boneville is an energetic start to a great graphic novel series, but it has surprisingly inappropriate content, salty language, and just some sloppy feel.
To each and all one after another I drawn near, not one do I miss,
By the current
Anyway I digress.
It’s not a peace offering. I really don’t know why I bought these gifts for you. Granted, it’s not much, but I still spent for these with my own money and I even put effort into thinking about you at the time despite the fact that right now, we are… at odds…? Could you call it that? It’s not a peace offering because I don’t really know if we’re even at war. I have a feeling that I rank pretty high/hold the top spot on the list of people you dislike, but that does not make me certain that you have refused to be civil with me on any level and that you have chosen to forget everything about the past term in which we worked together.
City:
West Yorkshire Police conceded that the Guidance was unlawful, that its actions had been illegal and that it was liable to pay damages. The Home Office withdrew the on-line version of the Guidance and wrote to all Chief Constables pointing out the legal errors in the Guidance. However, The Bank continued to pursue the claim, because a more public acknowledgment of the true effect of the Criminal Justice and
***Also, if at least 20 people create 5 cards we'll pick a second winner!***
Matelasse - estate sale
Yes, why waste time and energy on something which is so fundamental and a manifestation of Nature’s Design? God’ s creation! Let nature take its course. “Natural Selection”! Charles Darwin so assiduously tried to teach all of us that the world works on the principles of “Natural Selection” and “Struggle for Survival”. “Survival of the Fittest”! Therefore, let people who are “fittest survive”; others can perish in former’s hands. Why frown? If criminals and rapists and robbers and murderers and killers and cheaters and fraudsters and kidnappers and scamsters are “fitter” then let them “thrive”; the rest of us from the lesser fitter gene stock can be eternally thankful for being let to “simply survive”. Moreover, one should not try to alter the “Natural Biodiversity”. The earth remains worth living only because of this biodiversity in which all survive together – humans and these so-called humans. As per Mr. Darwin, if we do not “adapt” to the ever altering ecosystem and embrace “biodiversity” – humans & in-humans included – we will become “extinct”. In addition, this will disturb the delicately balanced global ecosystem – the food chain in which we – the lesser fitter kinds – often fall prey to the predatory instincts of the “fittest” kinds. Natural Selection and Natural Justice, I say!
Hello all! Life is slowly starting to return to normal after a wonderful, albeit hectic, Christmas holiday. I had family staying with me for a week and a half (4 people, one dog! ;-) ) and it was so fun - lots of cousin play time, good food, late night movies (most of which I slept through), and JUST DANCE parties on the Wii. This is going to sound really strange, but I'm just entering the world of Wii. My MIL gave us one for Christmas, and although my children have used one before at friends' houses, I've never even touched one. Well, I've got a few months before I'll see my sister again, and then we're having a Just Dance rematch baby! ;-)
be offering these in a bundle pack for only $40.00 ... how amazing it that ..
I was driving to work the other day, and I started to think about the state of the world. It’s pretty depressing right now, isn’t it? We’re all dealing with a world-wide recession, wars and conflicts around the globe, the specter of global warming and climate change, and predictions of the end of the world at the end of this year. Do you really think that we are nearing man’s final demise, and the end of all we know? I even saw a guy the other day with long hair, and a scraggly beard, standing on a corner with a sign that said, “The end is near,” boldly written in big black letters against a white background.
1. Fridge magnet
referring to the fact that most of you won’t
That was until today.
Heat a nonstick skillet over medium-high heat. Sprinkle 1 teaspoon curry powder, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1/2 teaspoon black pepper over chicken. Coat pan with cooking spray. Add chicken to pan; cook 5 minutes on each side or until done. Remove chicken from pan; keep warm. Add bell peppers and remaining 1/2 teaspoon curry powder to pan; sauté 1 minute. Add coconut milk, and bring to a boil; reduce heat, and simmer 4 minutes or until mixture is slightly thickened. Cut lime in half. Squeeze 1 tablespoon juice from 1 lime half; slice other half into 4 wedges. Stir juice and 1/4 teaspoon salt into bell pepper mixture. Cut chicken across grain into thin slices. Serve chicken with bell pepper mixture and lime wedges.
He is…
When we went to the library on Thursday, Emma was drawn to the bin of board books. Seeing as she likes to listen to books that are geared towards kids who are 8 and older (we are currently listening to Inkdeath, the third in the Inkheart Trilogy), I figured she should also be able to read/listen to the books geared towards kids 3 and under. Plus, I got to sit in the super comfy extra wide glider rocker to look through my books while she searched for hers.
See now, I don't think that writers (except those who write poetry or literature) have that problem. BUT, what does happen is that their professor will say to them "What do you mean by that."
As the social computing movement gains momentum, it is becoming more and more common that stakeholders expect a response to complaints or other comments made online. Depending on your business, you may not be in this position today, but you will probably be in the near future.
Run over us like a truck squashing a frog.
And when we near the end, we oft look back,
The Boys Varsity Tennis Team began WSC action last night with a win over the Bay Village Rockets. Winning for the Sailors were #1 single Chaz Hansen, 3rd singles Kevin Cole, and the second doubles team of Tim Neihart and Eddie Adkins. This win raises the team records to 2-0 overall and 1-0 in West Shore Conference play. The boys will play the Warriors of Fairview Thursday at home.
Gold painting with one drippy white cloud and another painting by someone else of a lady's head on a sloppy yellow & orange & black pattern.
After a heavy downpour the wetlands mangrove reserve cooled down considerably and a light mist descended. This solitary heron was seen taking a very slow stroll in the shallow open water and the whole atmosphere was just serene.
I am biased because Rev is filmed all over where I live but I think it would make me chuckle if I lived in Alaska just as well- though perhaps not the bits about bike etiquette on London roads or the dirty cornershops that are more expensive than Fortnum's.
There are few things in life that leave me realizing how fat I still am than dress shopping. In fact, it might prove to be a good strategy to make myself go try on dresses anytime I lose workout motivation. There is great danger that it could backfire and I could go into an emotional tailspin where I come out on the other end of a dark eating binge... but there is also a good chance that realizing how shaky and jiggly and large everything is will encourage me to get myself to the gym.
Maine Title
So I made a "DIY" car sticker and thought that I would also display it on this blog and would be happy for others to display it, if they so desired.*
Soooooooo.... I have some exciting news. After much waffling, I've decided to give The Talisman series a makeover.
We have some work to do on our website, so for now facebook is our bag.
Have you heard of the Bechdel test? It's a test for women's representation in films. This video explains it all. I dare you not to try and apply it to every movie you see. And be saddened at the high failure rate.
Further ahead this route leads to the Fort Canning Park. Have not managed to get photographs yet. The weather has not gone my way each time I pass by this way. Another time.
1. Passive
Here's a few things on my mind - bullet style. This is not edited because I have class in 20 minutes, so don't judge me.
A restless insomniac,
2/3 cup sharp cheddar (I used mozzarella)
What are you doing for your Mom's? We decorated and planted some great little flower pots!
McCreath has reached out to Jenna and encouraged her to file a Human Rights Complaint on the grounds of sex (gender identity is not currently listed as an explicit grounds for discrimination in any of the human rights codes in Canada).
A hybrid between stealth, action, and puzzle, Warp is one of two currently-released titles from the Canadian indie developer Trapdoor Inc., the other being Fez for the rarely-known PlayStation-esque NES hardware clone, the PolyStation. Considering Trapdoor has clearly not had much taste in the more popular gaming culture, can Warp be their first success?…Well, kind of. GameSpot’s Jeremiah Johnson said that although the game had merits (enjoyable puzzles, charming balance of gore and cuteness, superb visuals, tough leaderboard challenge rooms), it also had its flaws, like clunky controls and some trial-and-error puzzles. On high, he said that it was an “entertaining top-down puzzler” that was still, however, weighed down. He gave the game a 6.5/10, which ranks as “fair” on the meter, an above-average level. Users were slightly more positive, upping the ranks to 7.2. IGN’s Daemon Hatfield was a lot more positive for the game, however. He called it “brainy and amusing”, and despite some hiccups around the final half of the game, he highly recommended it as a “rich, satisfying adventure.” He gave it an 8.5/10, which is not only “great” on the meter, but also received an Editor’s Choice award. So, yeah. IGN really likes this game. Joystiq gave it a 3/5-star score, saying that it wasn’t particularly memorable, and didn’t quite create an identity for itself, and pulled the inspiration from the many corners of gaming’s landscape, and for that reason, Warp got degraded a bit more. Game Informer gave the game a 6.75/10 score, saying that it was “promising at first, but it becomes more tedious as it progresses”. They said the simple factors of the game weren’t enough to make a standout in the Arcade, and that anyone looking to go deeper should choose a different game. Overall, Warp overall may have fatal flaws that push it back, but it does have its moments. Approach the game with caution.
The beginning of the book threw me a little. The timing seemed strange, but once I got into the flow of the writing and the comet dust fell into the atmosphere, curling its way around the moon, I couldn't stop.
The summer weather is sublime.
Your eyes, you told me, as though I couldn't see,
17 minutes - Great tackle from Gareth Barry there. He has his critics, but he always works so hard. Is trying so bad really? At least it shows that he’s interested. That can really mean a lot to some people. Or apparently not enough, like when I drove for four bloody hours to go visit your family, only to find they weren’t in because YOU got the dates wrong, you silly old moo, and all you did was moan as if it was my fault somehow.
Today morning involved a 5 am drive to drop one of my cousins off at the airport (so much negotiating for a 30 minute drive :-/ ).
I have joined the Google+ community, which does not allow nudity in its TOS agreement. I don't know if that applies to figurative artwork, but I know that my blog photos are saved automatically into a Picasa album, which will also be linked to the G+ account. I have set that account in G+ to be private, but there is a link in my profile on G+ that points to this blog, so just to be on the safe side, I've set it to "adult." I apologize for the inconvenience, I know it's an extra step to view the pictures here. I think the whole thing is pretty silly, none of my work is of a prurient nature, but I guess it's what I have to put up with to be involved in a free service.
Lightly butter a 24cm round pie dish or tart pan. Roll the pastry between two pieces of lightly floured baking paper until you get a 30cm round. Line the prepared dish with the pastry leaving a 5cm border overhanging the sides of the dish. Set aside
Back in their usual hangout,Brenda, Sasha and Parker chalk up Natalie's story as a prank Damon was pulling. Then Parker realizes that the manner of Damon's death was a recreation of an urban legend. At the same time, Natalie realizes that Michelle's murder was also similar to an urban legend. Parker tells her to call Killington, the ski resort Damon was going to for the weekend, which she does. The receptionist at the resort remembers a blond guy checking in, but can't verify that it was actually Damon.
The IPKat now wonders what the point was of the new form of Rule 141, if the ultimate aim was apparently to make such a requirement superfluous. Can anyone enlighten the, now quite puzzled, IPKat?
Snow, again. It’s, like, every frickin’ weekend. I’m not clearing it because the plow guy will just block me back in again. I swear he waits just out of sight. Bastard.
I really love how my two girls can be so different and yet get along so well. They are the best of sisters.
Somebody offered me another cup of tea
Scarborough is a great seaside resort and a haven for families, sun worshippers and people who love amusement arcades!
But toe popping?
Looking forward to seeing you all this weekend!
Going to the fridge: When Mommy goes into the refrigerator, she will make sure to get everything out as quickly as she can. The timer starts when she opens the door, that's when you and your brother bum-rush Mommy to knock her out of the way so that you may partake of the goodness that is the fridge. Get what you can. Mommy will try and close the doors, while your assignment is to climb up both the door shelves and fridge shelves. Flick the light on and off 17 times...minimum. Squeal with delight every time the light comes on.
38
Because of this dispensational change Peter’s authority diminished and Paul became the apostle of the Gentiles for we read in Romans 11:13,
He didn't always play a Stradivarius. When he first began, we rented him a Yamaha trumpet from a local music store (I don't care how much disinfectant they spray on the mouthpiece. It's like renting bowling shoes - I was still nervous about it). We wanted to make sure he was going to stick with it before we made the investment for a trumpet of his own.
Our wonderful Nana passed away last May. Logan, my compassionate one, was very worried about Papa being alone. He wondered what he could do to help Papa feel better. He decided he wanted to make him something, and when I suggested a quilt, he was very excited. Logan was concerned with the thought of Papa sleeping all alone, so the thought of Papa sleeping snuggled up in a quilt sounded perfect to him.
Since we both grew up Catholic, Will and I knew that we wanted to be married in a traditional Catholic ceremony. We were thrilled to have Will's childhood priest, Father Hirten, preside over our nuptial mass and help us plan a very special celebration. We were blessed with an exceptionally beautiful afternoon for the ceremony and when the moment finally arrived for me to walk up the steps to the church, I was (other than a ball of nerves) overjoyed and filled with excitement and anticipation.
So here's my "sterling plan"...I will check ebay and poke around locally to see the best chances to add to my sterling pattern. I'm hoping I will find some pieces here because the original Oneida factory is about twenty miles from where I live and am hoping that there will be pieces from years ago for sale around here!! Oneida has closed and everything is being made in China, I think...and I don't think that they even do any sterling anymore. They used to have a factory store that sold all sorts of things from the factory and I remember seeing seconds of this pattern there. But those days are gone :-(
117 ***9. “The Case for Supporting Israel, Chicago Sun-Times, October 21, 1973, sec. 1A, pp. 1-2. Reprinted in Congressional Record, vol. 119, p. 35985; Daily Record, pp. E7040-E7041 (November 5, 1973). (Incorporated in Item B-2, above, pp. 155-59, 305-06 (1975).)
But can the Changers be trusted this time?
if you didn’t read venus capriccio i’ll just say it again: the art is GORGEOUS! i’m sorry i used the summary from mangahere but i just couldn’t find the right words to summarize the manga! and it was driving me crazy.
Today I had a big cheese on my face. Since day one John and I was attached hip to hip and barely are separated. I think at times we don’t know how to act without each other. It feels as something is always missing and we know it is each other. Even our friends know once they see one they see the other. No one expect us to arrive at dinner or an event without the other. For them it is a bit awkward. Today I drove John to the airport than went shopping. You see I have never drove alone in Germany. I have drove many time as the driver with John but never alone. Today I was nervous and excited at the same time. I have made plans already to meet up with a couple of my friends next week. This will be the first time of me meeting up with them alone by not taking the train, and them not having to drive to my city just to visit me. I am so looking forward to it. I would love for John to be with me because we enjoy both friends company but it will also be nice for us girls to catch up.
HISTORIC PRIORY #2, NORMANDY
Currently in craft beer, there is nobody who can compete with the packaging of 21st Amendment Brewery. They absolutely understand how to design beautiful packaging and brew great tasting beer. So, take 2 of my passions and combine them and you get a great combination and currently one of my favorite brewers on the planet.
12 oz (1 can) diet soda
According to an analysis by Leonard Zeskind, who researches and advocates against what he calls far-right, racist or anti-Semitic groups, the number of Minutemen organizations dropped by more than half from 2010 to 2011. Only 53 Minutemen groups showed signs of activity last year—down from a high of 115 in 2010—and none of them are currently patrolling the border. Zeskind blames the tea party for absorbing a good chunk of the movement. The widely publicized murders perpetrated by a former Minutemen leader against a Hispanic child and her father also contributed to the groups’ decline. Heidi Bierich, director of the Southern Poverty Law Center’s Intelligence Project, says that the only organized volunteers patrolling the border right now are the ones originally not welcome: neo-Nazis.
Dads across the country were not amused. They had good reason not to be. It turns our that 32% of fathers are their children's primary caregivers. And most of the other 68% pitch in with child care -- at least to the extent of knowing how and when to, uh, change a diaper.
In case you are confident you own these characteristics then it will pay to effectively market you to ultimately those hiring members for his or her yachting staff. Construct a great working resume that will outline your entire skills, personal characteristics and fitness to complete the job. And initiate submitting that resume. Luxury charter yacht jobs could be among the most enjoyable positions in existence.
I tell you all the time
Schwob was a one-off, but he was greatly influenced by English and American writers. He discovered Edgar Allan Poe whilst still a child, and he translated Robert Louis Stevenson’s The Dynamiter into French. He crammed a great variety of literary endeavour into his all-too-short life, and was much admired by contemporaries such as Paul Valéry and Guillaume Apollinaire.
So you want to see our "cute" house?
recording contract, an SUV Jeep
Also, as the title states, the most important part of this post is to tell you all of my new discovery....Battle Royale! Yesterday (while procrastinating on studying for my chemistry exam), I came across a video comparing The Hunger Games and Battle Royale and I was very intrigued to see just what types of similarities could get certain people to cry foul that Suzanne Collins had stolen her ideas from another source. And I was instantly hooked when I read the premise for BR.
Supplies not listed above:
“Rachel” is a woman I have known for at least 10 years. I first met her at the store when our children were little. Every few years I bump into her on shopping trips. Well currently our sons are on the same soccer team, and we see each other every week. The Lord is letting me know that it is past time to witness to her.
a correct answer to my question from yesterday is - I am official designer since 2009, thus celebrating the third anniversary, yay.
BERSIH 2.0 condemns this move as this would make ineffective the crucial role of the polling and counting agents in monitoring irregularities and discrepancies of the polling and counting process. For example, the recently concluded Sarawak state elections saw election violations where polling agents found members of political parties campaigning within the polling centres. Having their mobile phones while on duty allows the polling and counting agents to effectively feed information of any irregularities to their political parties and ensure higher transparency of the electoral process.
When you order a grande and they give you a venti for no extra charge.
Joyce Hwang
Challenges I would like to enter this into are
In sum, culture is created or re-create and engineered willy-nilly by
I am 20 weeks and 3 days pregnant with my rainbow baby. That makes tonight the eve of the day we found out that Jacob had died. It hit me full force when I was standing in the garden tonight before going to church. I was telling Jacob that this baby will never replace him, that we love them equally. I stared at the spot where he is buried and I suddenly had a flashback to being at Dr. A's office and her not being able to find his heartbeat and the sinking feeling I had the longer she tried, then the feeling when she stopped. It was terrible.
At the end of the show, Red Knight was whooping everyone's asses, and the red team was completely out of control.
When we are trying to figure out how many diapers we've used and if a trip home is needed before we return those library books it can really be hard to think of something so mundane like the temperature in our car.
A Dominar in the Skorne Empire who rose to power through politicking and corruption, Rasheth is atypical of the Skorne as a people. The Skorne generally follow strict codes throughout their lives, almost all of which center around self-denial and drawing strength from pain. Rasheth, though, is not a fan of any of that malarkey, and lives to indulge himself. Having taken control of his house through shady deals and well-timed assassinations, Rasheth is in a position of great power in the Empire. His house has the best and most effective titan breeding methods in the entirety of Skorne society. This has allowed Rasheth to grow fat and rich. So much so that he can no longer move under his own power, and is carried everywhere by a team of agonisers. The only thing that has stopped any of the other Skorne Tyrants and Dominars from moving against him is his effortless mastery of the Skorne magic of mortitheurgy. No other Skorne even comes close to rivaling his control of the arcane, and so he is safe, and free to grow as hedonistic and as wealthy as he can.
I no longer call you slaves, because a master doesn’t confide in his slaves. Now you are my friends, since I have told you everything the Father told me. You didn’t choose me. I chose you. I appointed you to go and produce lasting fruit, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask for, using my name.
So, you are seeing, all of you, are seeing, oh, you call it synchronicity or the ability to create, working with universal law — all of this is true. But it is also you ascending. That is why I keep saying it is not an event on a certain day. Many of you are well ahead of schedule. The collective, humanity, is well ahead of schedule. And you are going to take a quantum leap with this energy that is being gifted to you from the heart of One over the next month.
Supplement” to lambaste newspaper Sunday comic supplements as “vulgar” and “offensive and harmful
The Spiderman is Henry from Whiff of joy, he's coloured with Tombow pencils.
officials worked together for what they thought was the good of the country.
For Death, who strikes whenever he likes,
Maid of Honor – Emily Grieves
Four years ago we bought a large plot of land, with spectacular views, above the pretty little village of Guajar Alto between Granada and the Mediterranean coast in Andalucia, Southern Spain. On the land was a small house of only 50 square metres. We extended the house, surrounded it with terraces, put in a swimming pool, built a garage/ workshed, revived the olive trees and made a vegetable garden.
Renato Corona III and Antonio Carpio IV neck-and-neck in voting
Soo, how might POTUS and the whole Beltway establishment better connect with and follow public opinion? By doing whatever is popular in this minute's opinion poll:
Paper Studio - 'Carries beautiful artist papers and a wide selection of bookmaking/binding products as well as a lot of other great multi media and journaling supplies.'
I’ve got 3 things on my mind. In no particular order. I want a pair of jeans that are apparently impossible to find. I don’t feel… good. And I REALLY want a British accent.
For the Lord our God is able
Then mums get up, wash their red eyes, put a smile on their faces and said "yes my munckin" from the heart the way only a mum can.
The Limited it 7500 yen and the Regular is 5500. I think it’s worth paying the extra 2000 because you get alot more for your money than just a concert. I saw a Japanese TV show where a presenter went to watch it and they had a few spoilers, and it looked awwwwesoooome! They have these skates that change colours, it’s awesome.
The Electrician and I made it through, and LUCKILY, this one was not one that would do any damage, there were a total of 3 tornado’s that touched down today, and None of them did any damage.
In four years time I will be half a century old. This just isn't fair, I feel about twenty. All the cardio, weights, boot camps, hiking and running I do can't stop my body wearing out and the fact that my eye lenses are no longer as flexible as they were is the first indication of my inevitable decline.
Doling out the charm
Dearest, Pearl Girls, "Grace" is my prayer for you this Christmas and throughout the New Year.
In 2008, Mr. Bo helped to organize something called the Silk Road Ball, which included a performance by martial-arts monks from China’s Shaolin temple, according to friends. He also invited Jackie Chan, the Chinese kung fu movie star, to lecture at Oxford, singing with him on stage at one point.
“We want all illegal immigrants out, we want to take their stench out of this place,” said Frangiscos Porihis, an election candidate for the ultra-nationalist and highly secretive party.
Carol Denbow: So many authors write a book and never manage to get it published. Big publishing houses only seem to want to publish books by previously well-known writers. A lot of great manuscripts get passed over in the process. Not to mention, the frustrating “no thank you” responses to our submissions. How long did it take you after writing the book to find the right publishing option and what was that journey like?
May I not miss moments of joy for they shall pass
During the select committee session in question, Brooks was flanked by her amnesiac minder Andy Coulson. The second she uttered the above words, Coulson chipped in helpfully with “But of course, always legally”. Mr Vaz’s letter is understood to be asking Ms Brooks how it is possible to pay police officers for information and remain on the right side of the law. This may explain why Rebekah needs more thinking time…especially as she no longer has Handy Andy to help her on the creative side of things.
Hope you play along with us, I look forward to seeing you in the players gallery :0)
It is only after this homoerotic experience that Miss Lonelyhearts is prepared to give in to the easy "normality" that stands as a false image of true love. He agrees to marry Betty, attended with all the legalistic decision-making of any new partnership: she agrees to have a child, he agrees to see a friend about a job. "...They decided to have three beds in their bedroom. Twin beds for sleep, very prim and puritanical, and between them a love bed, an ornate double bed with cupids, nymphs and Pans." It is clear that love will be more a symbol in that household than an everyday reality.
Governor of the State of New York
Anyway. After that there was an incident last summer where Owen came in crying and all upset. Him and Nora had been in the back yard playing in the little kiddie pool. I guess they got into a fight and he hit her. The lady saw and yelled at Owen, called him a horrible brat or something, told him he was a bad kid. WTF!
The legislature also failed to act on a gaming compact for the Yurok Tribe in Northern California.
The last time I spoke to this issue was in June at the American Association of University Presses conference at Salt Lake City where my great friend and client Richard Brown - Director of Georgetown University Press said “This is not a crisis but a transition, a perpetual transition that will become, in time, as natural as the air we breathe.” Richard could just as easily have quoted the Calvinist tag “Ecclesia reformata semper reformanda est!” (Except as the Georgetown University was established by Jesuits – it would be an unlikely choice of phrase.)
The story is well known. If you account for the last twist to the story, the rest of it is pretty much what you can find in Les Troyens: Aeneas, encouraged by his mother Venus flees the fallen city of Troy and leads the surviving Trojans to the destined land (Nach Rom!). On the way to Rome they land to Carthage where Aeneas meets the Queen Dido who will soon falls in love with him. Their passionate love is short-lived because Jupiter reminds Aeneas of his greater duty -- to lead the Trojan people in the promised land (to Rome). The overly pious Aeneas is torn but eventually decides to follow his duty/faith rather than his heart and left the inconsolable Dido alone... who in this opera does not die but gets back on her feet and marries Iorbas. Of course, there is a whole lot of episodic characters --both humans and Gods-- making the story multidimensional and passionate to follow. The score & libretto (in French) can be found here.
“Araya, no…” He tried to give it back.
Gold Piece Publications
If you ferment in plastic buckets, as I am doing more and more, you just drill a hole in the bucket, install the spigot and backnut which then sits just above the yeast and trub that settles out of your beer when it's done fermenting. To transfer your beer into a keg or bottling bucket, just sanitize a piece of tubing, squirt some sanitizer up into the spigot, attach the tubing, turn the handle, and Presto! your beer runs effortlessly into your keg. No messing around with siphons. As I've mentioned before, between a family of six, a full time job, a farm, and church responsibilities I'm trying to optimize my brewing set-up for speed. This is another nice notch up for me.
So is this a sad story or a happy one? I can't decide. One hundred sales, including friends and people who were curious to see what a launch party was like and may never actually finish the book is a negligible readership. On the other hand, without the ability to self-publish, the book would have gone into the drawer and probably never come out.
A PROCLAMATION
win all 12 of my books read
Apple (Nasdaq:AAPL) has an $81 Billion cash hoard. This amounts to 25% of its market cap. The stock does not pay a dividend. Everyone clearly agrees that they have enough for a robust R&D effort. This ensures that they can beat up any direct competitor and/or buy up smart ideas while they are still small.
Tammy believes that anyone watching a teenager go through this process would want them to have the drugs as soon as possible. Her daughter was denied them until the age of 16, by which point she already had an adam’s apple, a deep voice and facial hair. She understands all this is hard for people to take in; at the age of 11 her second child had to process the fact that his brother was becoming his sister. Family friends still forget what has happened and ask, “How are the boys?” “It takes a long, long time to come to terms with. It took us about two years to stop crying for our loss and also for the pain that we knew our child was going to have to go through.
Seattle has two great things going for it: A vibrant performing arts community as well as a generous community dedicated to animal welfare. Isn’t it time those two come together for an extraordinary night of fun and philanthropy?
statistic is for complications occurring witn a VBAC ... not fatal
The reason Rhys felt compelled to write this sort of creative response to Jane Eyre, was because she wanted to re-position and put to the forefront of her readers’ attention the character of Mrs Rochester, the infamous ‘mad woman in the attic’ of Bronte’s original novel. Rhys felt that Bronte had treated Mrs Rochester poorly, not only because she remains in the background, like some scary Gilmanesque wallpaper, but also because of her portrayal there as somewhat two-dimensional – if you think this is unfair, just remind yourself of the depth and complexity Bronte gives her other secondary characters in Jane Eyre). Instead, we meet only disembodied madness, in lieu of any literary effort to convince the reader that she possesses a real identity (and is not simply being possessed!), of her comprising flesh and blood and having her own thoughts and feelings; she certainly has no voice of her own in the original and Bronte seems to think nothing of this (perhaps because of her being influenced by Gothic novelists, as so many 19th century writers were, and in such fiction, mad characters were usually ghoulish and unreal; absurdly so, even). But Rhys, whether rightly or wrongly, also attributed these problems of characterisation to Bronte’s own ideological viewpoint and socialisation (educational and social/societal upbringing): namely one where many of her own class, and others besides, in the 19th century society, were typically pro-colonialist/pro-imperialist and often racist, too (so Mrs Rochester’s Creole history is innately attributed to her madness).
All of the ground-floor stripes are connected by a series of unique tables. The Dining Room table can be extended with a leaf, the Shaker Box tables can be raised or lowered, the Living Room table doubles as a chandelier and can be lowered from the ceiling. All of the tables can be joined together for huge dinners, or twice a year to form a catwalk that can connect to the stairway in the void for the fashion designer’s new collections.
bigRuby thinks our four-legged friends are not put on this earth to be poked and prodded for the vanity of the two-legged sort. We pledge to always do our best to bring you products produced without the use of unnecessary animal testing.
Apparently anybody ‘can’ do my job. You don’t need any special qualifications to apply. You just have to keep your nose clean. Get to adulthood reasonably fit & healthy with no criminal record & stick an application in right? A couple of years spent as a probationer. Learning a few piles of books. Absorbing practices & procedures. Surely anyone can do that right?
TV GUIDE voted the show the #1 series of All-Time.
No Way No Way reached the dizzying heights of number 14 in the UK Singles Chart. Based on the late Italian film composer Piero Umiliani's one-off novelty hit Mah Nà Mah Nà (later popularised by the Muppets and by its inclusion in many Benny Hill episodes), the video which accompanied the single (filmed, incidentally, in Brockwell Lido – not Charlton as claimed by Wikipedia) won the dubious title of Worst Music Video Ever on the 1997 ITV Chart Show end-of-year special. The song itself was voted number 26 on Channel 4's 100 Worst Pop Records.
Excellent digital radio broadcast. I seem to remember the band played the main stage in the afternoon.
For though he gave you love in life
To where? Be specific people!! Jeez... Okay, your Transformer Car can also turn into an SR-71 superjet but you need to get certified on your own, got me? Those are very fast jets and I don't want you going all willy-nilly in one just because you don't know what you're doing.
But kids are learning all the time - ALL*THE*TIME - in AND out of school. They're learning even when they're seemingly "doing nothing" because, honestly, it's impossible to do nothing.
They’re too damned soft. That’s the problem with young people today.
We were all thumbs as most first time gay bar guests would be. Hopefully those who have read blogs like this one will not be all thumbs and will be better prepared.
And this is no mere strengthening or empowerment. No the apostle says we are being empowered according to his glorious might precisely so that we do not run out of endurance are flag in our patience or become wishy-washy in our joy or lackadaisical in our thanksgiving. Instead, we are strengthened with his strength so that we can persevere in joy and patience and thanksgiving and endurance. I wonder sometimes, when I am weak, do I remember that as long as I try to persevere and endure in my own strength I am doomed to fail? This is why He strengthens us.
"That the SciFi Channel should never be allowed to make anything 'original'. Elaborate with examples." (And the fact that they generally hire one good actor -- David Hewlett, Misha Collins, Lucy Brown, Rhys Ifans -- to try and disguise a heap of shit is not a fact which can be adduced in their defense.)
On TUESDAY.
“A door got ripped off and the side of the plane got smashed in – we all got covered in glass.
You can follow me on twitter: @gianni_saw
As with real estate, so with brewing, a huge aspect of a successful venture is location, location, location. Jacob managed to find a place where the water was abundant and eminently suitable for brewing:
Tired of waiting in lines? Frustrated with the new cashier at your favorite grocery store? Exhausted from filling out rebate paperwork?
This rate’s former all-time low was 3.11%, registering on April 12.
2 museum
Remember the first time you ever ate a peach? The soft sweetness crushed between your teeth, the delicious juice running down your chin?
My husband Ben had surgery at Forrest General about two years prior to me having Reid. Everything went successfully and he had no follow-up appointments or any reason to return to that doctor in Hattiesburg Clinic . He liked his doctor and so a year and a half later when he had a completely unrelated issue, he went back to the same doctor and I happened to go with him. We were told by the receptionist not to worry about our $20 co-pay because we had a "credit" there from them overcharging us from the previous surgery because our insurance paid more than they had estimated. I asked what amount, and it was nearly $240! I demanded to know why we had not received a reimbursement check in a year and a half especially because we had no reason to return and use the credit there! If we had not just so happened to use the same doctor I don't think we would have ever found out that they owed us money!
Debate over the Status of Shi’ites in Egypt
My RE wants to see me in two weeks for an u/s. By 6 weeks in a few days, we should be able to see a heartbeat.
We have lots of doors and latches for ease of reaching in (the latches are to confound raccoons and possums), and the "downstairs" is screened, with a ladder that raises up and down. I usually let the girls out in the backyard in the afternoons. Right now there isn't much damage they can do, but they will destroy any plantings I try to do or any planted pots. They chew the irises and lilies down to the ground, and no grass survives back there. We keep bird netting strung across half the back yard to keep them out of the vegetable garden.
Can't have it both ways.
I wanted to point out the double standard - two sets of cops, two different rules - but thought better of it.
In a desperate attempt to get out of debt, I go back into the private sector, pursue some interesting investments in a high-tech firm, and... well, long story short -- I've integrated my consciousness into a massive, superintelligent computer system that crushes humanity and rules the world.
I wasn’t working when I moved in with him so he offered to have me work with him. He’d just created his own business and needed support so I said yes. I mean spending all my time with him seemed like perfection!
And what if to discover your true self, you first had to unravel a mystery so big and terrifying you were not sure you’d survive solving it?
I'm not really into the whole genealogy thing -- birth, death and marriage dates are necessary but what I'm loving is finding little tidbits out from their lives - which isn't easy unless you get lucky and someone saved a diary or a letter or two (obits only tell so much)
Lopez said under Mexican law, the group can be held for up to 90 days while being investigated and could face fines on charges of illegal entry to Mexico and possible criminal charges for the fake identification. He said it was also possible they would be considered for asylum if they sought it.
Father, Son, Holy Ghost.
Listen to her story, it is very powerful.
Then there's litle Callum, light of our lives. Callum, constantly cheerful and co-operative is still at ten years old considered cute. And thankfully, he’s also very cuddly although he can be cool with strangers. He's altogether quieter, more reserved than his elder brother, never crazy. He’s far too busy being cautious, sometimes fretting unnecessarily. He’s sharp too; intelligent and how he surprises us as the comedian.
And here's the thing: I felt that way about that family's choices even though I had longed for release from school when I was a kid, my longing set against my absolute certainty that such release was, sadly, impossible. I carried that certainty with me for a long time. School, I knew, was a given, like teething. Yes, it hurt, but it was necessary. You had to go through it or you'd end up gumming your way through life.
Prime Minister Gilani rejected a personal request by President Karzai in a phone call on Tuesday, saying if Afghanistan officially condemned the ISAF airstrike, Islamabad might reconsider the boycott decision on the Bonn II. There is a fuss about this boycott in the international media, calling it a blow to the entire process. The question is what if the ISAF strike had not happened and Pakistan was in Bonn? Would it make the chances of a breakthrough in the peace process with Taliban more plausible? Of course not! The fact that Pakistan has significant influence over the Taliban leaders makes it an important player in the process, but there was no progress in the US efforts to persuade Pakistani military in this regard. Both countries have contrary objectives for the endgame in Afghanistan. Pakistani military is against long-term presence of US troops beyond 2014, which will be approved in a US-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Agreement, supported by a Traditional Loya Jirga recently.
I think China is the place to move. They have dissident groups there who actually care about human rights and will protest when you get tortured.
This is my last post on Penang and I just want to mention that the people of Penang are an inviting breed of humanity, friendly, ancient in origin, and multi-cultural as it gets in any place in the world.
I asked the masses in the room – all 16: Where on the flyer does it say one thing about comedy, or humor or laughing or that my show is going to be funny? Where? I demanded.
Source: NST Online
So, even though the idea is good, the execution (especially of recent adventure games) is (yep, you guessed it):
I cannot bare my life.
Apparently I need to talk with the folks at US Bank. They haven’t done their part in reporting that I cleared this up.
One summer afternoon, I’d made my usual pilgrimage to Morgan Self Books to get some more back issues of comics. Typically, I’d browse through the bins, pick out a few, add them up and see if I had any extra cash to maybe pick up a paperback or two. This time, I did. And there was this book at sort of intrigued me, primarily because it only had a painting of a woman’s face on the cover. No title, no author. Only the words, “A novel of a girl possessed of a terrifying power.” I’d never seen that before.
Here is my card:
how now
It's been a while since I've posted. Or done anything that wasn't holiday related really. Trying to get back into the swing of things...but it's taking some time.
Danielle was only 26 when she died, which I think it makes it harder for everyone to believe it. So far all I know is that when she passed she had pneumonia. She went into cardiac arrest at the hospital, and they couldn’t revive her. She was a proud member of the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. She danced all her life, and in my eyes she was great. I looked up to her, and I wanted to be like her. She was nice to everyone, and had a great personality. She’s a college graduate from High Point University, but was going to back for a second Bachelors in Nursing. The saddest thing about her passing is she’s my Aunts only child. I pray for strength for everyone because this is a hard loss for the world. Just remember, have faith and we will overcome every struggle.
So, to celebrate the first day, I decided I needed rewarded with comfort food.
I toyed with putting this in the last category along with the other 3 worst movies I saw this year. I know it’s a strange choice, because Charlize Theron is good. Patton Oswalt is good. Patrick Wilson is good. All three of them are good. Jason Reitman is good (I think… though come to think of it, I also disliked the almost universally loved Juno). In any case, it’s difficult for a hoard of good actors to make a really detestable film, but they somehow managed to do it, while still putting in decemt performances. Especially Oswalt, who kicks total ass. For whatever reason, though, I couldn’t wait for this movie to end. I HATED the main character. (Like… you’re supposed to think she’s a bad person. I just couldn’t stand her). I didn’t understand why anyone tolerated her nonsense. I thought, for a brief moment at the end that the movie might be slightly redeemed. But no. I know that is part of the supposed charm of it… that she’s so unapologetically awful. But I feel like for that to work really, the character has to have some sort of likeable thing going on underneath where you don’t completely despise her. Fail. I don’t feel bad for her. I just hate her.
Anton – yeah, you can enter yourself twice in the tipping comp but I’ll still whoop ya.
Not to be outdone, I threw up the Pepsi I’d just had to calm myself and the rumblings of an empty stomach, and a loud belch erupted.”
09 In a Sweat (Native Lab, WMF Lounge, Berlin 8.9.2001)
The Board has provided $168.4 million in public school library aid over the last five years. School librarians in each district use the money to purchase books, newspapers and periodicals, computer hardware and software, web-based resources, and other library materials.
The holiday gifts I ordered from Vistaprint arrived this weekend! I go through phases where I am completely addicted to their site. I have lost way too many hours of my life because I was busy creating things for my classroom, my kids, and even my neighbors!!
Arthur Christmas!
Of course, what is unremarkable for one reader may be startling for another. An Iranian friend of mine told me that when he first moved to England for college he cold hardly resist laughing every time he met someone who was named for a color: Mr. Green, Mrs. Black, Mr. Brown, Miss Grey...
I’ve been busy writing and critiquing and marvelling at how many different problems my computer says it has. My computer was obviously designed by a politician, as it just can’t settle on any issue. It sometimes stalls when starting. I think it just needs a good cup of coffee dumped onto its
Yet Hong Kong-based newspaper Ming Pao reports that false marriage certificates may be easily obtained in Shenzhen, the city just across the border in Guangdong province. Genuine-looking fake documents can be bought for only 700 yuan (US$111), the newspaper said, and can often fool Hong Kong law enforcement. Some legislators worry that fake documentation will be used widely unless the territory’s health department conducts on-site verification.
pea balls (green peas)
Nothing makes a mom more happy than having her children near!
The thrice-yearly school census, the details of which are specified in regulations, will continue to hoover personal data from school management systems about every state-funded school pupil and dump it on the National Pupil Database. This is a permanent data collection that includes information about behaviour and attendance. Exclusions for bullying, substance misuse and sexual misconduct each have their own codes, forming a permanent record of offences that were probably committed in the view of a headteacher- because the test for excluding a pupil is that the alleged behaviour occurred ‘on a balance of probabilities’.
The situation was often hit by setbacks and stagnation. Long after VR games had fallen out of vogue and the first home “3D” consoles had gained in popularity, Illustr8 still struggled with their magnum opus. Finally, after years of development, a single prototype booth was ready for beta-testing.
Hello Pilgrim in Butterfly Sky in Turquoise by Lizzy House
Social networking is made possible in today’s generations due to online match making sites. People log on to various sites and start interacting with people and in this way increase their social networking. There are many good looking Thailand girls and Pataya
I stood there, looking at the bright yellow cart and doing the pee dance while I tried to decide what to do.
and when i saw the box very plain; i do decorated it!
“Everybody’s overhead baggage started to fall. Literally, it was like being in a car accident. People were screaming, I was screaming … There was smoke and debris everywhere,” after the plane finally halted, another passenger said.
EW: Does this mean publicity in today’s marketplace is irrelevant?
Strapping me smart
And while this is a cute little product I don't know that I would go out and get one every time the pacifier gets worn out.
Like this one.
She was strong willed and many times stubborn, but that will has made her character what it is today. She loves the Lord with all her heart and has been an inspiration to me many times over.
The report comes as the Colorado legislature has recently taken school discipline policies under review, pursuant to SB 11-133. The report analyzes the most complete set of Colorado discipline data, and according to the authors, “adds to and reinforces existing studies, documenting some troubling patterns, and suggests important changes in policy and in future data gathering.”
Now with the Senators coming to Oaks Park, owner Vic DeVincenzi sent out feelers searching for a talented pitcher of Chinese extraction. He didn't have to go far - two of his regulars, catcher Bill Raimondi and first baseman Leroy Anton had been teammates at Oakland High with a damn good prospect. Al Bowen was currently a 21 year-old strike out ace for the Wa Sung Athletic Club in Oakland. He'd been the star of his high school team and along with his two brothers helped form the Wa Sung ball club in 1926 which created quite a name for itself beating up on local semi-pro teams. By the time he signed with the hometown Oaks he was an inch shy of 6 feet and had been striking out between 12 and 16 batters a game. His dominance on the mound attracted large crowds from Oakland's Chinatown so along with a decent arm Bowen came complete with a ready-made fan base. The only problem was his name - Al Bowen didn't exactly bring to mind exotic images of the magical far east. As long as he was appearing in an Oaks uniform Al Bowen would be known by his Chinese name - Lee Gum Hong.
There is an AMAZING Grand Prize Package for one LUCKY hopper (winner chosen by Rafflecopter)!!
His response was that if I didn’t come down to the station he would come and pick me up from work. So that pretty much answered the question whether I was going to be arrested again. Mr Zia in fairness did suggest that if I was too busy to go down to the station today I could do it tomorrow. I agreed with this and offered to meet him there at 8am tomorrow morning.
“Get in, priest!” he growls.
Admin DT ~ Kimberly
Radio Panik featured a track Yasuo Akai and I did together and Sadayatana featured a field recording nestled among ambient drones.
12. Return with the Elixir
Tapper: good luck doc
I've lived here all my life but I still consider myself a foreigner in many ways and there are things I find difficult to get used to.
There are many many fish in the harbour and the water is very clear.
Flyball is a team sport for dogs that was invented in California in the late 70′s. Legend has it that Herbert Wagner first showed it on the Johnny Carson Show to millions of Americans. Soon afterwards dog trainers and dog clubs were making and using Flyball Boxes. In the early 80′s the sport became so popular that the North American Flyball Association (NAFA) was formed and they are the worldwide authority for Flyball.
The Enchanted Village is turning its own corner towards a brighter future.
In the past few years, Leinster have earned a rightful reputation for being the most free-flowing and clinical team in Europe, developing a strength of character that makes them a force anywhere they play and performing with a ferocious intensity that very few teams can cope with.
I wonder where you’re reading this—a kitchen, a coffee shop, a prison cell, a military post? Perhaps you’re in a hospital or a courtroom. It may be a room that reflects everything that’s right in your life or a place that represents all that’s wrong. And you might be afraid.
All of that meant I didn't get to bed until 1:00 AM when I had a 5:00 AM wake-up call. And although the relay taught me I can run pretty well on very little sleep, I knew I wouldn't be 100%. So, new goals: run negative splits and average an 8:30 pace.
The shot of the bridges blowing up followed by people looking out windows to see falling snow seems to indicate being alone or cut off.
SML–…appreciate these things and not get frustrated at the lack of answers to begin with.
says that his fiction always comes from something observed or experienced that then “gets loaded onto and chipped away at and artistically distorted” by his “various obsessions.” He says that “Uncle Rock” is based on an experience when he went to a baseball game at Dodger Stadium with his mother and a date and got autographs from a busload of NY Yankees, as well as a note soliciting his mother something like the one Erick gets in the story. He says he made Erick verging on mute, for “Mexican Americans are both not heard and trained to feel.” With that he said, “the story’s on.”
And will things get back to normal before Mum notices?
allAfrica News
This is a pretty good picture of my grandmother.
and if I were ready—
What happened yesterday played into the totalitarians’ hands. Vlaams Belang should not have been in attendance, SIOE’s banner and ideology was used against us, causing both the ban and a cleverly worded threat of retaliatory violence, which put many people off. Or at least I can only hope that was the reason for the low turnout.
That being said, I am always happy to talk to any candidate who wants to know what I think about their platforms. I think the candidates would be well-advised to talk to lots of people, from a variety of backgrounds, about their platforms and start getting their direction from the people again. If a candidate wants to make AFN relevant, their platforms will have to speak to us - the grass-roots people - as much as they speak to the Chiefs. Free hint: Any platform that is written to speak to the Cons will be as useless as Atleo's.
Leather jacket, Wilson’s Leather. Navy and white wrap dress, Merona. White slip (visible at neckline), vintage. Yellow tee, Wet Seal. Navy tights, Hue. Yellow patent pumps, Victoria Spenser. Brown scarf. Amber pendant, Ali’s Boutique. Amber drop earrings, gifted. Corny bracelet, Into the Fray.
To say I was tired last night is an understatement!!
Now for the "Luck" part of the blog. I have joined with 13 other mystery authors for a special Kindle Select promotion offering 13 books for free this weekend. These are back-list, or new, books from authors who have been published by the big 6 publishers in New York, as well as some respected smaller publishers of quality mysteries. Don't miss this Kindle exclusive opportunity to discover these 13 new authors and brighten your Friday the 13th.
Of all the children, Haylee has been the handful...she is sensitive and needy. She is two years old and still has trouble sleeping through the night. They always say if you had the last one first you'd never have another one, right? She is rough and tough which is to be expected with two brothers ~ look the wrong way at her and she just might bite.
Ocker dad: No son, yer too yang. Yer just too yang.
Bada-bing, you got minty lemonade!
Even when Ghana seemed to have scored the winner in the 89th minute, they were called back for offside and were unable to wrestle the win from the youthful home side.
Medium Body
Discipline's key words are dedication, training, work, skill. The message is to learn with an open heart and to set my standards high. I am returning to work in a very part-time role at the end of this month, it's a role that is newish to me and I am looking forward to the mental stimulation and challenge. Work has taken a huge backward step the past few years, it's time to put it back on the agenda.
She told the BBC that it would be for those who are ‘suffering a terminal illness or condition, for whom life becomes intolerable’.
Massacre Wurm
One real anomaly, which intruded into astronomy in the mid-19th century, concerned the orbit of the planet Uranus. We had a wonderful theory of how everything in the solar system moved, and could predict where all the known planets would be at future times with fantastic accuracy, using Newton’s law of gravitation. But Uranus wasn’t quite behaving. People had checked and double-checked the numbers, but the seventh planet was definitely wandering very slightly off course, if the information they were plugging into the calculations was right.
1 march
After the initial 'You're always fiddling and getting into trouble' comments, which are naturally bestowed upon the youngest, (and yes, I am proud of this trait), my dad did a Dad Thing, and missed part of the show, to rush downwards to the bottom of the tent, to carefully slide through a flap when nobody was looking, and search for my pen on the grass below. Which he found. Hurrah! Here ends the memory of my trip to the circus. What did I see? Dunno. But I got all the vitals there, I think you'll agree.
After a very sleepy wake up this morning, we finally managed to get J dressed and downstairs. His mood was reasonable, his computer ready and waiting, toast on the go, nothing could go wrong….
Steve Taylor is an author and teacher, whose main interests are psychology and spirituality. His new book, Waking From Sleep: Why Awakening Experiences Occur and How To Make them Permanent is published by Hay House. Eckhart Tolle has called it “One of the best books on spiritual awakening I have come across. An important contribution to the shift in consciousness taking place on our planet.”
Grace sits before you. The answers you seek are in your own mind – a heaven which you seek.
13 The Music Goes Round My Head
Yikes! My daughters are fixers too! Now, I am challenged with teaching them to be less pushy fixers than I was at their ages! Uh Oh!
subtle rain
putting an end to your despicable trafficking in human flesh and
They can use playing cards and matchsticks as deadly weapons
There would be no white mobs in the street chanting “No justice, no peace!” There would be no whites holding a “million hoodie march” in New York City. There would be no white equivalent of Al Sharpton, the professional race-baiter behind the 1987 Tawana Brawley hoax, leading marches in the streets of the shooter’s hometown. There would be no Federal civil rights investigation by the Justice Department. There would be no comments from a president who seems congenitally unable to keep his mouth shut on matters involving left-wing political correctness. And there would be no national media attention from biased, left-wing “reporters.”
15. Reviewing these books, we can now see that Banks set aside the notion of operating under the Charters they hold as banks, instead of being Banks they became like very poor casino operators and traders, selling what they do not own. The records in our possession, signed and registered by the receiving and managing commercial bank, show the underlying funds in numbers and amounts that stagger the imagination. The Green Hilton and Garuda Memorial Agreements demonstrate clearly the value of the global account system.
They move in packs ingesting more and more fear on every act of hate on one another
Because that’s what it was really all about
Q-DAY
Usually we see a lot of the same pups from previous walks we have done. This time we didn't, but we did finally come across another Boston Terrier. Her name was Penny. Just like Swisher's Moms name. She was a nice gal.
Spin by Catherine McKenzie. "The tag line is: ‘How far would you go to get what you always wanted?’ and Kate Sandford, protagonist of Catherine McKenzie's first novel, Spin, goes so far she makes you cringe. … Where A Million Little Pieces … was tortured and powerful, Spin is more about entertainment and fun. … Full of pop-culture allusions, some really funny ones. … Spin is a compelling, fast-paced read.” – The Globe and Mail
ANIMAL FARM REVISITED
The plan was a reaction to the funding cuts the California community college system had experienced. Like other California CCs, Santa Monica had already limited the supply of classes offered, even as the recession (and cuts to public 4-year schools) had increased demand. Something had to give.
~my lil' boy turned 1 this year
Bahía Solano is reached from Bogotá, on flights runned by Satena and ADA airlines for around AUD 300.
Here we are at the end of the semester. Frankly speaking, these four months passed faster than I had thought (but what did I expect? – it’s always like that). This means that it’s time to sum up what we’ve learned during our Multimedia Journalism Class. First of all, four months ago I couldn’t even imagine being able to create a blog, shoot videos, and connect to almost all the possible types of social media. This course gave me a real idea of what journalism in today’s world is like.
8. Proof of ownership of property 18
Ellemenopee on October 19, 2011 at 2:38 pm said:
So I’m a bit late with this blog post. I came across the following piece from The Faery Inn well over a year ago, and decided I would use the idea myself. As much as I loved the idea, though, and as much of a “free post” as it seemed to be, when I went to get started on it, it proved more difficult than I anticipated, and I put it off a few times, until finally it just went on the shelf and started gathering dust. I was cleaning up some old posts early last month, and decided that April, National Poetry Month, would be the perfect time to bring it back out. And, again, I had other things I wanted to write first, and so it got pushed back toward the end of the month. And, then, I got busy, and didn’t post at all the last few days of April, and now I’m doing my Month After National Poetry Month post. Oh well.
This little guy was one of so many kids that fell in love with our rocking horse (I bought this a few years ago,one for Miss Abigail, and I guess one for a spare), I actually had agreed to sell it at the end of the show , but I think most folks that said they wanted it were long gone by then , almost wish I had more of them , it was a pretty popular item!LOL Oh well, I like it and there are lots of little ones in my life who will enjoy it
Food is so important in the social life of humankind,we desire it, grow it, cook it and it sustains us. Sitting eating around a table or campfire is elemental! Our lives are witnessed and stories told and retold, it is not just cooking it is an art and a comfort.
- Super Junior Member
- Can I still realistically accomplish whatever it is I set out to?
For a chance to win: Follow this blog, comment below, and tell me which card one to pick.
1/2 cup butter, melted
No? Yours wasn't?
She began barking forever - until I walked out and strapped the muzzle on her nose.
Of course, she chose to step out of the pillar behind him. He yelped as she dug her fingers in under his ribs. “Tut, tut, Relvin. Keep it down! Van Raighan might hear you.” She put her hands on her hips and cocked her head at him, grinning. Clearly she’d talked Pollack, and mother and everyone else involved, into letting her wear trousers. She was boyish at the best of times, all straight lines and narrow bones, and why was he thinking about this? Trousers made her look stupid, but she did need to be able to grapple with Van Raighan. Her Gift gave her an edge no-one else in Federas had when it came to sneaking up on people.
“Yes, Emily?” Arnen looked at her curiously.
like the world is brand new, just being birthed.
May yet emerge the putrid corpses of events
After the usual pleasantries, and formality BS, we got right into the interview. Mark talked about the company, what they were looking for etc. Then he started asking me questions. Everything from my work in school, my ability to multitask, financial analysis, and all things financial management.
ELF Eyelish and brow wand: I use this A LOT to blend in my real lashes to my false ones as well as softening the colour I use to fill in my brows. Can't beat the price either.
Miscellaneous: Tim Holtz Distress Ink stamp pad Vintage Photo; Jewels Glitter Ritz Light Gold glitter; Recollections pearls and star brad
On top of that, the wind was just roaring here yesterday! Br-r-r-r-r. I even had to turn the heat back on (the wind just whips through my walls), and bring all my plants back inside. Instead of March coming in like a lion and going out like a lamb, it's been the opposite around here.
Progressive talking points!
I printed the image off 3 times, once onto white card and twice onto patterned paper. Once I had Die Cut round the white image I used the pattern papers to decoupage up the flower to give it dimension, then added some fabby little chocolate coloured candi as the centres. The leaves were printed onto another piece of white card, coloured using Promarkers and again decoupaged up.
Words by Lucianna See, from her poem “A Farewell to Jesse”
The following method gives you complete control over how, where, and which parts of your selected posts are shown.
Wall Mart…
$15 for adults, $10 for children 12 years and under, $2 for children aged between one and three. The rides itself goes for about 15 minutes.
I have maps to sort out who's where and reports to whom.
I really am.
But all that just makes me pretty disinterested in continuing the book. There’s a point I reached, though, where I just couldn’t bring myself to read any further. And that’s in month six, where they bring this gem:
The session #52 was based on beery collectibles, what is beery stuff do I collect?
These, along with time spent with my family and friends and writing projects fill me with anticipation for 2012. Happy New Year, and may God bless you and yours! ♥
this is the end of my song or my poem
When finally she met up with me, she also took pause.
3. Honey Child
I realised I give my bread quite a thorough seeing to in the kneading process, but Amy seemed to show a lot more gentle love and affection to the dough. She certainly has the right knack anyway because it tasted absolutely scrumptious and it looked good too...
Outstanding trait: Questioning attitude
I refer to Cleave’s Almshouses, built in the 17th century by philanthropist William Cleave and still providing accommodation for the elderly. The plaque placed centrally above the door carries the following explanatory text:
“No need to worry your pretty little head, Katarina. We’re just having a bit of fun. I plan to leave you fully intact. At least for tonight.” Without warning, he turned her in his arms and pressed her lithe curves flat against the stone wall. He nudged her legs apart, lifted her gown, and delicately removed the matching red panties he’d left for her earlier. Each stroke was purposeful. Each movement precise and deliberate as if unwrapping a gift on Christmas morning.
Cashew Nut Gravy :Add Cashew nuts in milk Let it soak for 15-20 min and Grind to a smooth Paste and keep it aside.
Post match, PCW Tag Team Champions The Schmidt Brothers: Jack and Joe (R) and Ron Paul (R) along with Vince Vaughn??? VINCE VAUGHN? The 4 do a Pearl Harbor job on the CTU and the Schmidts hit their upcoming challengers with a doubleteam Moneybomb.
Once your tissue paper is cut to size, smoothed and taped down to the A4 plain paper, you then need to print your chosen photo....I have two options to print with my printer, from the rear tray or the cassette tray at the bottom and when I went to print it from the rear tray it was snagging the tissue paper (lucky it didn't rip!!) as its not all taped down so lucky for me I could use the bottom cassette where there was no snagging but I just had to be sure I knew what side the tissue paper needed to be on to print on the correct side.
1 sculpt
Prayer: Lord, help me to use your Words and not mine to defend our religious freedom and all life from conception to natural death. I ask this, as always, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the holy Spirit. Amen.
I found it a very interesting process and have been reflecting on it quite a bit with Cathy. Gabe Anderson, a member of Transition Newcastle who works for OzGreen, facilitated in a beautifully relaxed, welcoming manner. One of the highlights for quite a few people was that each of us was asked to spend five minutes telling the rest of the group about how we had come to be involved in Transition Newcastle. These introductions were spread throughout the two days and provided a great break from the rest of the process and helped build our sense of connection. As there were 15 people, it did take up well over an hour (out of about 10 hours work time) but it was time well spent.
I've added a load of freebie papers,designed by me,all work well together and make good double sided pages. I've used them to make boxes for tags, treats and gifts. Try "splitcoast-stampers" for brilliant tutorials on all styles of boxes ect..
And if all those changes aren’t enough to making you feel sorry for the man, there’s the litany of bad luck from last season that Tony Barnhart recounts in this piece that’s as eminently predictable as you’d expect.
9 may
Thought I'd died? Ill weeds grow apace.
The material world like our bodies is really there and we know this by sensing it and its impact on us when we get hurt or, with bodies, when we enjoy each others bodies in love. That is interactive: the chemicals cause the mental and emotional feelings of love and the body interacts with these and acts out the feelings. Our contest with the progressive orthodoxy is reality: what is actually happening, what are the real consequences of their unrealistic philosophy and ideas. We have seen through the contemporary wish-fulfilment imitation of reality, now we have to study what is really going on through collating incidents and news reports to derive a more accurate version of reality, to develop our patriotic view of reality.
Good gravy, a new PPV 2 weeks from now, why does WWE do this? 2 weeks of buildup does nothing. Even if it is Hell in a Cell.
2. Should I continue my Master Degree after this or double degree in Psychology?
We also stopped by Fran’s Chocolates and I bought the most outrageously delicious chocolate covered macadamia nuts. They don’t seem to be on the site but they were covered with dark chocolate and some kind of spicy crunchy coating.
Lydia’s penal record, the first port of call for gathering information on her looks like this:
“I must first tell you that I am a man in perfect health and that I have never been subject to hallucinations or other abnormal states. Yesterday, I was in my studio, seated at my table working. Suddenly, I heard a metallic, musical sound. In turning around, I noticed a tall man, of a race that I didn’t know, a curious red bonnet on his head, who was standing in the room. I immediately realized that it was a psychical trouble. The man was holding in his hand a sort of tuning-fork composed of two branches, with which he had produced the sound of which I spoke. Between the two branches was a gilded hammer. Immediately, I saw appear on the ground piles of fat white insects which were tearing each other apart in a rustling of wings whose deafening noise was becoming intolerable. I still have this sound in my ears which is upsetting all my nerves. When the hallucination was over, I immediately started to draw the scene with a stick of seria. Then I went out to take some air. In passing before a newspaper kiosque, an impulse that I am unable to explain, given that I don’t like this magazine, prodded me to ask for Simplicissimus. As the salesgirl was giving me the last number, a decision just as inexplicable prodded me to say: ‘No, not this number, the one before, please!’ Back home, in flicking through the magazine, I found to my great stupefaction your story The Game of the Crickets relating, give or take a few details, all that I had just experienced myself one hour beforehand: the man with the red bonnet, the insects that were tearing each other apart, etc. I beg you, dear Sir, to have the kindness, if you can, to explain to me how I should interpret this thing…”
WRITE UP #3: This one was completely ridiculous. They did a write up for almost EVERY SINGLE SERVER because we had all stopped filling out the tip out report sheet. Why? It had long ago been moved from the area where we dropped our check out/money for the house to a random location where we always forgot. The management hadn't been bringing up that this was important or warned that write ups would follow. It came out of nowhere. I began to realize that write ups didn't have much significance.
But the voice persisted. It takes no more effort than drawing breath.
Thanks for all your tips and suggestions for styling my bookcase. I will try to remember each one as I continue to pick away at it!
Oh, how I long
Take a look at the pics in the next post to see how pretty it looked (cleaned up!)
This summer is going to Rock like never before!
"Mrs. H said he's usually does not."
To sleep meanwhile: so not to feel the wane
got Prakash on he knees!
Now if only I'd made my own old-fashioned whipped cream instead of using Cool Whip’s whipped oil. (Did you know that? Ridiculous.) But that’s for another day and another post.
Live for yourself and I’ll do the same for you
Dammit, last nite dream just i felt like in the real fuckin world!! I still could taste her lovely skin, and also i still could hear her adorable voice!! Nau i really missed Matsui Jurina, i hope that we could meet again in other dreams L”L
It's been a loooooooooooong time. I've been lazy. But it appears I'll have some time on my hands in the next few days. So I've updated a lot of posts - just scroll down to read. I'll be adding more over the next few days I'm sure. It'll keep me sane since I'm not allowed out of bed and have tubes coming out of everywhere.
I always get some pretty "spectacular" Valentines gifts from my students each year. Something about the holiday brings out the crazy in these families. Here are some of gifts of love I got. Is it bad I saw some random moms and kids at Target this weekend really struggling with what to get their teacher. I straight up told them don't waste their money on these candy hearts and dinky things. I don't know about you guys, but I would much rather have small gift card or class supplies!
1/4 cup onion, chopped
­This is not the first time the US Congress has tried to adopt legislation to regulate the Internet.
Are you subscribed to my YouTube channel?
Bella Bling Wisteria lane
Onto the bigger scope of life I promise every day to learn about at least one new place in the world. Visually is the starting line and my mind takes off and takes me there. First and foremost the locks in any canal drive me nuts (Panama canal is a hopeful destination for me like, some people want to go to Disney) and I am simply intrigued by them (canals). Lately the Corinth Canal has me dreaming about a passage through and what it would be like.
The SMK4061 stereo mic kit has been designed for live and recording applications, specifically for acoustic piano. Along with the two hand-selected 4061 mics come a variety of accessories for mounting, including both magnetic and adhesive mounts and a pair of boundary-layer mounts that allow for a range of nearly invisible mounting options. Lid up or closed, these mics capture the instrument with musical accuracy and detail.
And conservatives wonder why Democrats are always accusing them of racism and misogyny? I couldn’t make this stuff up if I tried. It’s just another day at NRO when columnist Deroy Murdock criticizes “majority ‘leader’ Harry Reid” for not passing a budget (even the lefties at The Nation never wrote about “U.S. ‘President’ George W. Bush) or when the media blog (“NRO’s MSM Watchdog”) highlights a National Enquirer article asserting that Michelle Obama “brain-stormed the scheme to sic a pit bull strategist on the GOP contender’s wife Ann Romney.” Leaving aside the Enquirer’s apparent difficulty with comma usage . . . come on. The National Enquirer, really? Maybe next week Obama will be playing golf with Bigfoot.
David Graham is a songwriter, former pastor, and businessman. Twelve years after he dreamed of training masses of young people to take the gospel message around the world, he became founding director of Youth With a Mission Montana and helped launch the ministry in Lakeside. The Montana YWAM has trained thousands and sent them to the nations. In 1990, Graham began speaking in churches and holding seminars across North America about the Father and His children. They Ride White Horses is his first book. David Graham and his wife Kathy reside in the Flathead Valley of Montana where they spend free time with their four children and their spouses and twelve grandchildren.
Examination of the shock mount revealed catastrophic failure of the passenger's side rear, lower mount. Detailed examination indicates the failure resulted from damage received in an earlier, unknown event. Continued stress placed on the mount during subsequent off-roading expeditions caused damage to evolve into a crack, expanding until failure occurred.
Well, folks, there you have it. Two heart-warming tales of cannibalistic dumbassery. Have a merry Christmas.
Free of repression and doubt
I really enjoy myself every year and next Saturday, I’m planning to go to the Grand Palais for the Odilon Redon exhibition and for Monumenta 2011 (with guest Anish Kapoor). And if I have some time left, I’ll go to the Musée du Luxembourg, where I’ve never been before, for the “Cranach and his time” exhibition.
At just 21-years-old, Wu has captured the attention of some of the most respected people in the Canadian fashion industry and has been critiqued by the media to the point where he’s dealing with anxiety on a daily basis.
150ml Lime juice (about 4-5 limes)
HomeAway, Inc. is the world’s leading online marketplace of vacation rentals, with sites representing more than 640,000 paid vacation rental home listings throughout 168 countries. The company also makes it easy for vacation rental owners and property managers to advertise their properties and manage bookings online. The HomeAway portfolio of websites includes HomeAway.com, VRBO.com and VacationRentals.com in the United States; HomeAway.co.uk and OwnersDirect.co.uk in the United Kingdom; HomeAway.de in Germany; Abritel.fr and Homelidays.com in France; HomeAway.es in Spain; AlugueTemporada.com.br in Brazil; and HomeAway.com.au in Australia.
Hook the new thing to something they already know or know how to do. Then make them do it. A few times. Let them discuss and work together. No reason this has to be done in silence. Whether calculators are allowed depends on whether the calculator will let them avoid the things you want them to remember and see. (This particular lesson is no-calculators.)
The effect of high/low I.Q. has also been studied in depth, with fairly predictable results. Low I.Q. individuals performed badly in social class, family stability, income, educational levels, illegitimate pregnancy, single parent families, rate of prison incarceration, rape, violent crime etc. etc. etc.
On the inside I used the same stamps again to create my bottom border and another sentiment from Snow Swirled.
Yeah, it’s not.
"Jessie's Girl" by Rick Springfield
Video: One chance
Fourteen brands, 29.6 ounces of meat (that’s 1 hot dog per package, for those of you taking count, each split 3 ways). We decided to each eat only 1/3 of a dog per brand, because we aren’t Kobayashi “Tsunami” Takeru. Because we are purists, we ate them unadorned, making sure we introduced condiments on the second bite, if at all. Because we didn’t want to confuse the issue, at least for this initial roundup, all hot dogs were 100 percent beef, except one which was a bison/beef hybrid, and the other which was a beef/chicken hybrid. The intent of this is that hot dogs with pork, although standard for much of the country, are considered a very different thing around here (meaning the New York area) and thus will likely receive a different roundup at another time. All were grilled on a gas-fuel Weber with the simplest possible cooking method – no basting, no smoking, and we did not split the dogs, which we felt would not have represented what most people do on their grills.
Me: But who usually pays McGyver for this? The station?
Waltham Pocket Watch Serial Numbers – Know Them
And I believe, if we have a big election with truly historic big choices, that we can defeat Barack Obama by a huge margin. But it won’t be by running just as a Republican. It will be an American campaign open to every American who prefers a paycheck to food stamps, who prefers the Declaration of Independence to Saul Alinsky and who prefers a strong national security to trying to appease our enemies.
Now this is not a boyfriend, this is not a lover, this is just a friend.
*I didn't do well this semester. I got a B and D in my two courses that I didn't drop. It brought my GPA down to a 3.4 so I'm doing another semester at Mountain View and I've got to get 4 As to bring it back up so I can get my transfer scholarship money. I'm not giving that up.
“I will do anything to get my darling Elizabeth out of the hands of that notorious outlaw.” Grayson assumed a distressed demeanor. “My fiancée must be rescued. I will not rest until Valderas hangs.”
Todd is just one person who is taken aback in Grannie Gertie’s presence. She often startles me when I am home alone, enter a room, and see someone sitting on the couch or chair.
Yes. Nothing to pay. And she won't even take up much room on your kindle shelf.
7. When I was about seven, I hatched a plan to have a hundred children, name them all after flowers, and spend my afternoons making industrial quantities of toffee apples. Fortunately, no part of this plan seems likely to come to pass, though some of the flower names were pretty special. Ranunculus Harlot has a certain je ne sais quoi.
But none the less, we can’t judge a movie till it has been seen, so away with you pessimism, may you drown in the unholy sea of off mayonnaise. Instead let us become optimistic and greet the new dawn. Oh and if there is any trailer out for the film I’ve put the link in the title for your clicking pleasure.
I love these ones and in particular the smoky quartz to the right on the beautiful heart adorned and purple jewel encrusted stand. I have a thing about hearts and so I often see the tiniest hearts hiding where others tend to miss this detail.
Father: "Son I saw you on the news with a sign protesting Wall Street."
I am…
"American Way," I marked on the sticky, and requested the book. I pitched it to my editor who said yes. I then proceeded to read all 660+ pages of the book.
Reid has since left the suit, along with several other original plaintiffs. But through her role in the Colombia scandal, she may be changing Secret Service culture from the inside. According to the Washington Post, she was the one who rounded up the 11 implicated agents and sent them home, as well as notifying higher-ups of their alleged misconduct. Such decisive action is apparently typical of her approach. A former colleague told the Post, “If every boss was Paula Reid, the Secret Service would never have a problem. It would be a lot more boring, but never a problem.” And another agent said her reaction to the agents’ behavior was no surprise: “You did it in her house, so you better know she’s going to come down hard.”
Cheery Lynn Designs Dies - Fanciful Flourish B117
These are things that have not yet been used and are, in fact, still in their original box while their fate is decided. Several of them turned out be very useful closer to the six month stage, so they are things you can delay purchasing until then.
I took a few minutes to pick my middle kids up from school and to cool off a bit.
” Frankie was part of the Buffalo, N.Y. trio that came downstate to the big city along with Jerry Bledsoe, and Imhotep Gary Byrd. They had enough foresight to swoop down from the most Alaska-like part of NY State and make a major impact on radio back then. The singer Rick James was also from up there and they all were close friends.I wanted to be just like Crocker, especially when I heard the kind of money and perquisites that would come my way if I were successful. I finally knew what I wanted to be; not a schoolteacher in the classroom sense, but one who dropped the science on the box like Frankie did! As I write these words, I wonder what I was thinking if I was thinking at all, but more importantly I ask myself why I wasn’t even more aggressive in trying to attain it. Many brothas who grew up back then in New York’s five boroughs suffered from the Frankie Crocker syndrome, and that is nothing to be ashamed of.It was about intelligence inside of the music and not being afraid to be controversial. Like the interviews he did during his show with the major acts, and being a cool pro even when they didn’t go all “nice-nice” as in the famous Isley Brothers chat where something he said insulted them and they walked off the show in mid-stream. I incorporated that feature into my ensuing years on the radio. Love or hate him (the latter was often because of jealousy), if you ever heard “the Chief Rocker” on the radio, you know what I mean. He was also one of the first to transition his radio act to television by hosting a show styled after the Hullabaloo, Shindig and Bandstand shows of the day. By the late 1980s though, it seemed that he had fallen out of favor for the final time at Inner City Broadcasting even though he would have two more “comeback” stints on WBLS. He was eventually silenced by those in power who cut him in spite of their faces, and their noses began to grow when the listening public asked, “Where was Frankie?” He ended up something like many a sports hero near the end of their careers: “retiring” and “UN-retiring” many times. ~
8. One week closer to my school's Spring Break!
Democracy in America?
Smithson comes in to say goodbye; she will miss Miss Lucy and Mr. Jerry. She playfully scolds Burke for that "terrible tarradiddle" he made her tell about the green mist through the keyhole.
This deep gate of God
LOLA is the higher end Forever21. The prices are reasonable and won’t break mommy and daddy’s bank account.
The show sent excited ripples across high society – the kind of "art buzz" that the media craves, then as now.
I've been drooling over these quilts for like 2 days. It is shear resolve and lack of rotary cutter in my luggage that I'm not scrambling for the fabric store right this second.
no other person can provide you with these things
The 2 tones of an idling PSK31 signal were seen to be -6dB below the level of the 100W single tone, indicating the PEP was still 100W. The 3rd order IPs were measured to be -26.1dB below either tone, or -32.1dB below PEP. Even at 100W the IC718 is "reasonably" clean, but this is probably still a little too high a level of IMD to use on 20m or 40m when the PSK31 section is very crowded. It's still much better than many of the signals that can be observed off-air though!.
I am sick and so piled up in homework and exams so haven't had much time for blogging lately but I wanted to do a look. I am happy that my math exam was easy. I desaturated the pics in order to get rid of alot of yellow tones from the lighting which kinda got rid of some other colors like the teal Birds & Berries which I have been wearing every day lately. I loved the look though.
Erm, that would be, of course, the council of which he is a member.
Eligibility:
I still have sex dreams about Marilyn Manson.
Yesterday morning I woke up to this.
Others may feel inclined to sleuth out some “Hitch in the Giddyap” that feels too good to be true (And it usually is!).
Jennie’s Brooklyn origins have fascinated Churchill fans ever since, in part because they are so unexpected. It means that patrician, conservative Winston Churchill, “the Greatest Brit of all Time,” has roots in the old neighborhood, so to speak.
It's 5:26am. I've been awake for real for about 45 minutes... Another emergency call and this one is a doozy! Waiting for my boss to get to his computer and check things out too.
"I Come and Stand at Every Door" from Mortal Coil.
Genre: YA? Fantasy/Romance
Chelsea Market Wishing Well
Norman entertains Hilda with his guitar playing and his goofy songs — mostly cleansed of the drug-obsessed lyrics that he sings when he's alone — and his conversations with Sylvia are tentative but strangely charming, two shy people hesitantly chatting and joking and learning about each other. In contrast, Peter is a joyless bore who Sylvia seems to cling to only because she has almost nobody else, because she's so desperate for some kind of connection in her life. The film's epic centerpiece is a very long sequence in which Sylvia invites Norman in to play guitar for Hilda, before being joined first by her abrasive co-worker Pat (Joolia Cappleman) and then by Peter, who's coming over for a date. The cozy pleasure of Norman playing guitar for Hilda and Sylvia — Leigh shoots the trio in an intimate arrangement that suggests a family — is soon disrupted by the arrival of these other people, and this impromptu party becomes a tense and painfully awkward affair. At one point, Leigh brilliantly cuts between closeups of all the people in Sylvia's living room, all of them silent, casting shy glances at one another, opening their mouths as if about to say something and then stopping, smiling nervously or clenching their teeth. This goes on for quite a while, and the rapid rhythm of this closeup montage accentuates the silence and the awkwardness. It's both maddening and, increasingly, bitingly hilarious.
Last Updated: 9:50 AM, May 2, 2012
“It seems incredible to us today that anyone could believe that 70,000 tonnes of steel could be unsinkable, but that was exactly what people in 1912 believed. …
It's fascinating to look at the wide array of illustration styles Maurice Sendak employed in these pages. In fact, it's easy to imagine the young artist going off in any number of career directions after finishing this book.
3-4 tablespoons chopped fresh coriander
Stockings were always a huge deal at my house. They were the first thing we went for; even before the (usually large and beguiling) Santa present under the tree, we dove into the stockings. Each present inside was individually wrapped (it's since dawned on me that this was to buy my parents more time to drink their coffee and wake up a bit more. Clever parents).
“Now I’m more experienced at countryside dating, I take full advantage of all the opportunities there are to meet men.”
That being said, as you watch this, may you consider it advise not in what is necessary to forgive another for their wrong doing, but to forgive oneself for one’s own errors of being. Of course that being said, if you do find that you may wish to correct something about yourself so that you never harm another in such a way again, remember to have a little compassion for yourself, afterall, their was a reason you were mistaken in your approach to begin with, even if now it is time to grow up and out of the past that had created you accordingly.
The study also threw up three different types of fan relationships. The Entertainment Seeker, the Fantasy Seeker, and the Inspiration Seeker: Different fans would be deriving different benefits from different celebrities.
Episode Summary: (Major Spoilers, do not read if you don’t want to know what happened on the show)
That’s an important and critical message for those of us who manage customer service units. We don’t have to be every employee’s best friend, but we need to be fair and honest with each one. We need to be open and sincere, and build a collaborative, trusting environment for our team. Without that collaboration and trust, we can’t adequately judge the attitude and viability of our team members. And neither can we guarantee the sincerity and quality of their final product – service to our customers.
So I finished reading all the documentation on the hCG diet...tomorrow will be a very interesting day. I should be OK if I can just make it through the first three days! :)
Jesus and Buddha: The Parallel Sayings ~ edited by Marcus Borg, 1997
But I am being a snot--I warned you I am spoiled! Because really the sight of lavender springing out of an ancient wall, side-swiped by the afternoon light, was worth weeding through the groups lead by bull-horned earnest guides.
* University of Munich (Germany)
This Kanji looks a bit like the one for fish but you might as well just remember it as is because it is quite complex and distinct.
I smiled as best I could, but even to me it felt as brittle as spun sugar.
In 2000 the eyes of the world turned to the Mansion when Texas Governor George W. Bush was elected President. As you’ll recall, it took several weeks to ascertain whether or not Bush actually won the election, but when the matter was decided, more or less, Bush turned the house over to his successor, the first Aggie-American Governor of Texas, the pretty boy with the professional skateboarder’s name and impervious helmet of hair, Rick Perry, who lives there still.
Before I get into writing about me, I want to send out props to my Houston friends who rode in the MS150 – a two day ride from Houston to Austin. That’s not easy, but it’s for a noble cause. Maybe one day ….
Which is perhaps why I wasn't so much a fan of the novel Faithful Place. This was an Amazon recommendation, and I do like mysteries along the lines of Dan Brown and Agatha Christie, so I thought, why not try this one. It's about a police officer who hasn't had contact with his family for about 20 years when he was supposed to elope with his girlfriend, but she never showed and so he ran away on his own. His girlfriend's suitcase is found, and soon after her body, and he's drawn back into the world of lower class Dublin while trying to solve this case. The story was sort of interesting, but I had it figured out about half way through the book, and the way it was written wasn't terribly interesting. I'll give it a half recommendation, if this is your kind of book.
I'm a bit bummed by the bottom 2 just because they didn't turn out as dark as I had hoped and I ran out of time and motivation by the end to get it done. The teacher is allowing us to redo one to submit for a better grade if we want. I haven't even seen my grade but just because it bugs me I might try to redo the bottom one.
Necklace: Jesus Diamante
I can’t elect me. No one would elect me.
I have put a deposit on a beautiful Arabian mare, she's chestnut and I'm hoping to train her up for endurance and then breed from her. The dream is coming true.
Meeting in our studio, (insert excitement here!!) we welcomed photographer, Joey, and editor, Anna Mullins for a fun interview with lots of laughs.
#24 sun peeking through clouds
Maslow termed the highest-level of the pyramid as growth needs (also known as being needs or B-needs). Growth needs do not stem from a lack of something, but rather from a desire to grow as a person.
Rejecting Maisie’s idealised portrait of Melancolia, inspired by James Thomson’s poem The City of Dreadful Night, Dick decides to work on his own painting on the same theme, which will draw on his knowledge of life and his own feelings of despair. As his model, he takes the angry Cockney girl Bessie Broke (“Stone-broke, if you like”), who faints with hunger on his doorstep and is taken in by Torpenhow. It’s hinted that Bessie may be a prostitute, especially in a late scene where she is seen walking the streets in her finery, but this is never actually stated. However, there is a scene where she offers to live with Torpenhow, saying that she knows he will not marry her, but would be willing to stay with him just until he meets “Miss Right”. The lonely Torpenhow (a moving portrayal by Walter Huston) is tempted to agree, but Dick steps in to stop them getting together, sending his friend away.
Having packed up it didn’t take me long to get a lift back to Glencoe with a girl with a delightful Scottish accent (she must have taken pity on me because there had just been a brief shower!) Ken, who’d driven there to get some wine and beer for the meal that I had by now confirmed, met me where I was dropped off.
Another factor they should consider is the details in the apparel and accessory they wear. These can influence their over-all look. This is why it's important for them to check the details before mixing and matching their clothes. Learning how to effectively colour coordinate is also a useful skill.
Mimi – Dear classmate, I will miss how you joyfully eat your every meal. Tnx also!
I also - admittedly - guessed that it would be part of the Guantanamo Bay bandwagon. Then I checked the website above. And guess what? Assad Baig's (or whatever his name is) ugly mug smiled back at me. Send him to Egypt or Syria - where he'll really be tortured!
1) Kitchenaid Mixer. If you bake, she makes life feel like a cool breeze on a hot summer day. Whether you're whipping heavy cream or egg whites, or creaming butter, this takes the armwork out of baking. She also has a babillion attachements to make more complicated dishes such as pasta, meat grinding and case filling for sausage, ice cream attachements, juicers, you name it. She was the first thing I bought myself when I had enough disposable income to support my cooking habit.
- FREE nigh stays overseas in Crown Regency Hotels and affiliated hotels in more than 2,900 hotels with Interval International.
“If you could convert photosynthesis into a really efficient process, the benefits for the world would be enormous.”
I will keep you posted.
Thank you for following my progress.
when all we need,
Only God is perfect. Our righteousness is like filthy rags (Isaiah 64:6). The translation more literally means “menstrual rags”. A pastor of mine once put it this way, “Your best efforts at righteousness are like a bloody tampon.”
Since we've been a band for this long there are a lot of songs we wrote
To all our new subscribers…welcome and thanks for subscribing! We hope you enjoy your weekly issues of The Gracious Plenty – where we recap the week at Eric & Sookie Lovers! We provide links, brief descriptions and decorate it up with some tender Eric and Sookie lovin’! Look for it in your email every Tuesday!
I had some leftover cookies so I crumbled them up and sprinkled them on the top of her cup cakes. She loved them!
Is it a misty thought
Sixteen year old me had her priorities all figured out.
“You know it is wrong
Finally a little snippet of the inside of the book. I wish Spark had been home today to take a photo of me opening this all up! If you'd like to work towards earning a Stampin' Up! incentive trip, why not give me a call or drop me an email to chat about how you could join our team of Jelly Stampers and become a Stampin' Up! demonstrator yourself? You can even get a FREE ticket to our European convention worth £145 if you join during May.
The Butterfly Visions set helps create a romantic feel for your special day. The square invitation has a white background with a subtle flower pattern dotted with sweet butterflies. Through the center is a band of color to highlight your names and the date of your wedding. This set has invitations, save the date cards, response cards, thank you cards, table number tent cards, envelope seals, wine labels, binders, and return address labels available.
Bad News:
Peel garlic, pat them using the side of your cleaver and mince finely. Chop chillies.
- Journal: this doesn’t have to be a diary, it’s just a place to jot down thoughts, feelings, quotes, words or anything else. I like to write down questions, worries and my insights from drawing virtue cards each day.
J.Crew's been edging its way into the world of weddings for a few years. They've established themselves as the go-to bridesmaid dress catalog, but today they opened their first full-fledged bridal boutique at 769 Madison Avenue in NYC---and it's already packed.
maybe I will see dead and war
For those avid readers out there who compulsively check my blog every day for new updates and insights, my sincerest apologies for not posting for the last week. Y’see, I’ve been a-building a fan-dangled new website for my school using the wonder that is WordPress. Our current website is built using the web-hosting tool of a certain MLE, which takes all its eye-melting ugliness and incomprehensibleness and then foists it upon the unsuspecting Interweb public. As LGfL offers free hosting as part of LGfL2.0, I thought it was at least worth exploring other options for websites. Such as WordPress.
Mother stands a feet away from Sweaty and looms over her. Her left hand is on her hip, while she waves her right hand in the air as if trying to make a point. One sees anger blazing in her eyes, the muscles in her neck and face bulging as she shouts every word.
While we were at your appointment, the doctor agreed to do your 15 month checkup a few days early. Your 15 month stats are:
The many local government branches who were told that they could not make recommendations to their own members about Single Status deals without legal opinions informed by detailed equality impact assessments will doubtless be as confused as I am by the fact that - if the deal to be struck is a horrendous capitulation to a reactionary Government in a way which is contrary to the interests of all our members - we no longer need to insist upon such an equality impact assessment.
I know, right? I'm blogging. What's up with that?
Tesla was not beyond pandering to the press although his party trick using AC was less grotesque. He would stand on stage and have himself wired up and allow electricity to pour through his body and not just ten or twenty volts:
to raise our understanding and overall IQs,
Clegg wants ‘tycoon tax’ to trap rich who pay less than 20% with fury raging over child benefit axe – By James Chapman – UPDATED: 11:44 GMT, 10 March 2012
By contrast, those who amass great fortunes through speculation may merely be lucky. Unlucky speculators are usually sent packing to Peoria and so disappear from the finance pages, something statisticians call "survivorship bias." We don't see the unsuccessful speculators and so wrongly assess the skills of speculators in general by putting too much weight on those who've survived to be counted and therefore read about.
21. Graduate college: I actually graduated December 2010 but since O'More didn't have a winter grad ceremony I walked in the Spring and got my diploma on my mom's birthday!
This verse absolutely fascinated me. It was the part about saying “I love you”… RIGHT OUT LOUD that really got me. What was that like? Saying I Love You must be the most amazing thing in the whole world! Just like the song says…
But of course, what with Matilda being a shoo-in for big success (what with that youth / boxing / kangaroo market out there as-yet untapped), we had product tie-ins aplenty. Tennis balls, plastic model vans, and thanks to no less a restaurant than McDonald's, we get to see Matilda stop at Mickey D's for a couple of cheeseburgers. Nice. In fact, this movie was the one for which McDonald's first developed their Happy Meals.
His eyes sparkled with mischief as a recounted being a toddler riding on his mothers shoulders and using her pigtails to “steer” her in the direction he wanted to go in the event she wasn’t listening to him.
Nothing like losing an hour the week before SXSW to get you prepared for how awake you'll be at 11PM and dead you'll be at 11AM. Who doesn't love the annual Sunday of only 23 hours? I heard someone say the other day that they should jump the clocks ahead an hour on Friday afternoon so we can lose an hour of the work day rather than an hour of sleep.
Disaster Avoidance = Saving Throw
Paul was not to relate himself with the unfruitful works of darkness of those Jews. He was to go to the Gentiles and that without delay.
HAMUUL: Mmhmm.
half part elderflower cordial
How do we pay tribute to the pain we have endured?
One thing down, just a few more to go. Sorry about it being crooked. I had to use a bit of tape and snap the picture before it fell off my brick wall. LOL
Then, decide whether you would prefer to donate them or sell them.
After a decent run I came up to a rather large and scummy lake where we had to pick up these large logs and carry them over our heads but make a loop through the lake. This sucked because the lake was disgusting and holding anything above our heads right now was just about the last thing we wanted to do. It was slow going and took maybe 10 minutes to get through. Just think about holding an 8 pound weight over your head for 10 minutes, now think about it after going through Tough Mudder. Now add all that with having to do it in a lake. Yeah.
We spent the last day however, in a small village and decided to take it easy and just relax, sit out in the sun, read a book , eat and basically do nothing :) . I found that years and years of life in fast pace had me quite uncomfortable with a contrarian lifestyle like this, which was amusing , surprising and a bit disturbing. I need a few more of those days in my life.
You see, countless millions of us also took our own versions of that same oath when we joined the military or law enforcement, and our oaths did not come with an expiration date.
But Saturday I did just that. I smoked my goal I set at the beginning of the year, to finish a 5k in under 27 minutes. Honestly two months ago that sounded almost out of reach for me. But the more I run and the more I train, the more I surprise myself with what I can do.
by joyous occasion,
Don't forget to comment on my Basically Bare Final Exam posting! You could win the entire Winter CHA release. You have until March 15th and then Basically Bare will be picking one winner and announcing them on March 16ht. I am keeping my fingers crossed that I pass the exam. There are VERY VERY talented people that are in the running and I am honored to even be a finalist!
sentence imposed by a jury more than 15 years ago.
I remember picturing the dark waters closing over my mother's head as I held a shivering indistinct female.
Lompoc Brewing Portland SummerAid Golden Ale Way too light.
I know you have heard a gigillion times before how great these are to make. Well that`s because they are. Here are a couple of my favourite blocks so far.
First, a 'card' by Aaryan for his favorite 'chachu' (my husband's younger brother):
Spindler’s Search (40) – Destroyed all Lairs
Something was terribly wrong. I felt I was beginning to lose my son — that these outbursts were changing his very nature. The teacher and school social worker tried to downplay it, to the point of almost mocking me for my concern. But I knew my son. I knew this wasn’t him. And I knew I had to find out what was happening in his class that was having such a dramatic impact on him.
Daddy had Memorial Day off and E was done with school as well, so we decided to head North three hours and hit the beach for the day with some Friends (Lake Michigan, in case you were wondering what "beach" is located North).
Pour mixture onto a floured board and knead until tight and glossy. It should be difficult to mix, to a point where no more flour will stay into mixture. Form into a ball and let it sit, covered, for 1/2 – 1 hour.
Dear Wulong Tea,
Anyway, what did I think of Towers of Midnight?
2) Impulse emotion
I don't know how much later I became aware of a tapping noise. Hubby was sitting up in bed with his laptop researching toys to get for his great nephew whose first birthday is next week. He smiled at me. I smiled back at him.
The plot was all over the place. I couldn't keep track of who was doing what and where the stakes were. The reasons for one faction to do something were almost never explained very well. I felt like the whole thing was just a collection of events strung together in some semblance of order. The ending was a nice save for me since I was barely holding on. Now, because of the way it ended, I'm compelled enough to figure out what happens in the third book, but if there isn't some kind of character improvement, I won't bother anymore.
I saw Christians who dared to be God-like eagles. I started seeing that the Bible had spoken all along of a relationship with God that predates our human heritage:
Or barks or howls
So where does that leave me now?
courtyard was one of the two cloisters (the other is long gone) of a convent originally set up around 1230 by the Dominicans (later known as the Jacobins). The configuration which still stands was designed by the military engineer Pierre-Michel Duplessy with Friar Jean Maupeou and built during the same period – 1684 to 1707 – as the neighbouring Notre Dame church. In 1790, in the slipstream of the French Revolution, the property became the head office of the “Société des Amis de la Constitution”, a Jacobin political
2 minute AMRAP of:
Without opposable thumbs?
Here are some ways you can add both fun and more healthy food into your daily routine!
Love- Always See Your Face
Glen needs your help! We had 8 volunteers today and did not get everything completed before the rain came pouring down.
Who is participating in this shambles?
A pear or apple
The Tracey Fragments – Another film based on a book, both of which I have not experienced. there does not seem to be a lot of detail available about either (including reviews on Amazon) to get a clear sense of whether Tracey has BPD or not, she clearly has issues but what they are remains to be seen when I watch the film or read the book…
Torn Natalie Imbruglia
*I made my mashed potatoes with buttermilk, butter, salt and pepper- ah ma goodness. Highly recommend that!
Total Loss: 17.4
1 cup Small Fresh Mozzarella Balls, Haved OR Regular Mozzarella Cut into 3/4 inch cubes (is it just me or are mozzarella balls gross? I used a brick-- way happy with the result)
Lowles is campaigning to get the EDL classified, by the Home Office, as an ‘extremist right-wing organisation’. Why? What exactly does he want from this extreme classification? It is simple (though Lowles cannot be too honest about this just in case he comes across as the Stalinist that he is).
this year (as it is part of mine!). Wrap those last few gifts, bake those last few batches of cookies,
developing the generosity to share what we have
Some people just hate the thought of a traditional cardio workout and yoga allows you to go slow and move at your own pace. If you are interested in learning more about the history of yoga, there are many resources on the internet that can help you learn how to practice a much older form of yoga. You may find that there are many things that you can learn about yoga and maybe even incorporate these new findings into your daily life.
Look at me go . . . . .finding the time to participate in CHALLENGES. This card is for the Touch Twin Challenge, TTC09, and the theme is WINTER. It's kind of refreshing to create something that's for WINTER, but not a winter holiday! :) (Because I am sooo over Christmas cards at this point!)
I love with all my heart:
Your Attitude....
DEEPIKA PADUKONE – 2.5 crore for Race 2
Internet Millionaire Secret #5: Try to automate as many services as possible. This will allow you to sell services 24 hours a day 7 days a week online. Automate your service centers to cut down on costs and help your customers at all hours of the day.
But is the natural-born showman, known in Vancouver for his take-no-prisoners outbursts, really a changed individual? Can a leopard change his spots?
That all for now, I hope to get back into the swing of things soon. :)
21And the twelve gates were twelve pearls: every several gate was of one pearl: and the street of the city was pure gold, as it were transparent glass.
Supplies - Card size is 4 3/4" x 6 1/2"
Frankly, I'd like to get paid to do just this: autograph editorials and reviews of video games. I adulation writing, I adulation cogent my opinions, I adulation video amateur and I adulation accepting paid. It would be a dream job. If you're annual this, and apperceive anyone who can advice me acquisition that dream job, my email is on my profile. Until that happens, I'll yield a job in retail. I'll accept to do this as a amusement until then.
There’s the constant health-hazard to the children of sewage running through the camp: but also new hope in Gideon’s cash-creating manufacture of rag-dolls, t-shirts and firelighters…
The chargesheet also made a reference to money laundering, which pushed Alok Mittal, joint commissioner of police, Gurgaon to state that the police may refer the to the Enforcement Directorate (ED).
There are many different vitamins with which a vitamin deficiency of them can lead to acne problems. One such vitamin is Zinc. Zinc is one of the most important vitamins when attempting to fight and prevent acne due to its many uses and how important it is to the body and the skin. A vitamin deficiency in Zinc alone can cause acne breakouts and therefore maintaining healthy amounts of Zinc in one's everyday diet is very important for those looking to either combat their curre...
Is it just me or is it somehow disconcerting to read an article about another case of mad cow disease showing up in North America juxtaposed next to one about “beefing up your supper”?! Newspaper layout folks be primed for a ribbing…
“I, my wife and daughter have performed a DNA test twice in July 1998. Both results proved that the allegations were untrue.
Tells you with a smile so sweet,
crackers; soy cheese;
Assiduous Deportation of Muslim Criminals
If you have an idea for a scene that might come before, during or after this one, write it, post it on your blog, and link to this post as one of the choices/options available from your scene's post. It's okay to present more options even if those scenes haven't been written just yet. There's plenty of room for everyone and alternative paths are much appreciated and encouraged. If you do write a scene that links to any of the ones at this blog, please leave a link in the comments here so that we can add your scene into the link options here. Everyone is welcome. Make sure you check out some of the other paths that are already available—you might get some ideas for thing to add that none of us have gotten to yet!
Today School was cancelled due to fog!!
“Sticking together” doesn’t necessarily mean we all have to agree on everything. There are a lot of folks in the autism community saying things that I don’t believe in or agree with. But, dammit, if their kid(s) have autism or if they themselves have autism (or sometimes BOTH!) then can’t we support them in their right to say what they want and to support who they want? We don’t have to tear each other down or tell them we think they’re “wrong” and that we’re “right”.
of every place
I am also finding solace in decorating blogs/inspiration/online shopping/envisioning a well-put-together home. The online shopping may not be good for my pocket-book, it is good for my bottom line – I’m not eating as much! And I am really seeking out bargains, like waiting for Target to discount the large apothecary jar I have my eye on (I purchased the medium one for 75% off – it cost me only $4.24!!!) I am taking pleasure in paying less for more, which is a new direction for me (although, I guess DSW has whetted my appetite!)
it was
If Nancy doesn’t want to use them I won’t be offended..but I tried.
This isn't the most crisply written or up-to-date book out there, but if you are lazy and cheap like me and already have it on your shelves, it would be a worthwhile read.
Right there in that moment is when he penned the awe-inspiring words:
It's not the strange way you contacted me 4 years later, 4 months before I got married, wanting to "just hang out sometime" and "exchange mix cds".
After every boot camp session, I have left with a red, sweaty face, a body that feels as though it's been wrung out, legs almost too wobbly to walk, and a huge grin. Christian thinks it's hilarious to watch me wince when I attempt to play with the kids on the floor (because my glutes are so excruciatingly sore that I literally cannot sit down). I have, for three weeks now, been completely aware of my muscles with every movement that I make. Mostly because they all hurt.
Not least over the legacy that he left behind.
Author unknown
Sitting in a tent one summer with the then obligatory huge pile of comics. Amongst them was a strange thing called 2000AD, which had a strange effect on me. It just felt so completely different to anything I'd seen before, and I wasn't quite sure how to respond. I remember it was the issue with the Princess Porkina (from Ace Garp) poster, and it all seemed so weird and ludicrous. Fantastic.
Recent Developments 17
The cake itself is light-ish, and has a very subtle coconut flavor. It's also super time sensitive. I accidentally stopped paying attention and left them in about 1 or 2 minutes too long and they came out slightly dry, so as soon as that top looks ready and the toothpick comes out clean, take those puppies OUT!
Of course, I’m talking about Atari Games’ Paperboy. The concept sounds boring, but the game succeeds due to its strong style, humor and personality. You play as a rather ugly looking boy, and your goal is to ride your bicycle across a couple of blocks, delivering papers to active subscribers, vandalizing non-subscribers, and trying to avoid getting hurt by any of the numerous deathtraps along the way. At the end of each level is a “training course” where you can rack up bonus points. The game begins on a Monday, and if you can survive through Sunday, you win the game. If you lose all your lives, you end up quitting, and if you lose all your subscribers, you get fired.
Hip Hop is another tool by those who control the world to brainwash us to believe what they have is the right way to live and if we ain’t got what they got then we are not doing it right.
The current shining star in Scottish football, Forrest appears to be destined to play at a high level throughout his career. He has inevitably been likened to Aiden McGeady by pundits but has a better goal to game ratio than McGeady did at this time and perhaps more importantly appears to be able to adapt to the goldfish bowl surroundings in Glasgow that McGeady could never. Forrest already has four Scotland caps to his name and has been linked with a high profile transfer to Tottenham. What has been clear this season is that when Celtic were poor in October and November, it was Forrest who was frequently their best player and spurred on his team mates. Forrest appears to have a brilliant career ahead of him proven by being the only Scottish inclusion in the recently compiled list of the World’s 100 Best Young Players for 2012.
La Rulles Triple
The histories of California of the 1950s and 1960s capture this phenomenon. The father of D.J. Waldie (Holy Land) worked for the Southern California Gas Company designing pipelines for 30 years. Waldie’s neighbors in Lakewood were employed in nearby Long Beach at the Douglas Aircraft plant, which offered practically lifetime employment. In the major cities throughout the state, Kevin Starr (Golden Dreams: California in an Age of Abundance, 1950-1963) found confident new enterprises, fueling the state’s middle class with both stable blue-collar and white-collar jobs.
A huge, huge missed opportunity to make the million dollar question “So who is coming down the pub?”, at the end I got my well thumbed copy of the book signed and Chris kindly wrote “apart from you” while Geoff wrote knowingly “ we told you so”.
Mike: I’m going to read now.
The three younger men looked at each other and then back at Pete.
Each living inch of you was miracle,
No one is going to confuse Winter’s Bone with Toy Story 3, but if you want a sign that American cinema is alive and well in 2010 then those two films would be a good starting point. And as different as those two are, they have themes that intersect. To borrow Bob Segers’ phrase, both films have characters “seeking shelter against the wind.”
PhoneFetcher is an elastic bungee cord that has a clip on one end (one that is super easy to open and close I might add…nothing drives me crazier than not being able to easily open or close a clip) and something that resembles a headphone outlet. The elastic bungee is long enough to hang out of your purse to remind you when your phone isn’t attached and it makes searching around your purse for a ringing phone a thing of the past…you simply follow the elastic bungee cord from your purse to your phone. I have to tell you, I’m a little bit in love with this product!
Pantages plays us four-a-day, besides the supper show.
Finish off, sew to body @ row 12 (marked row)
01 talk by Gillian + crowd noise 0:42
Alphabet spaghetti and potato smash,
GENITIVE : latin genitive ( possessive )
the other girl, who realize bout it..then, knew bout the camera…her brother installed the camera…quite a lot…n one of them, is in her room..that was both of the girls room…where they make love..she’s quite mad…
Lauren Nelson was crowned Miss America 2007. She received the prestigious TOYA award (Ten Outstanding Young Americans) by the United States Junior Chamber Organization in 2008. Lauren serves many charities including Children's Miracle Network. She is a co-anchor at KWTV-News9, the CBS affiliate in Oklahoma City. Lauren loves teaching Bible studies and leading worship with her husband. www.withunveiledfaces.com
I get to learn how to take x-rays. Of the feet, that is. I am going to be the bestest foot x-rayer ever.
The five caravans have parked up on the Faulkland Street car park, just off the Wolverhampton Ring Road.
help me.
She took me in and gave me breakfast
Hope you had a lovely Easter Sunday yesterday.
I've heard good and bad things about the show we did. That's quite normal, so I don't care actually because I was quite satisfied with our performance.
But Kopple's resume meant little to the strikers of Harlan County. It was dedication that would earn her 3-person film crew their trust. A turning point in her relationship with her film subjects came after a car accident delayed her crew's presence at the early morning picketing. Undeterred, the team walked over a mile to to protest site with cumbersome film equipment in hand. Their commitment to documenting the workers' cause was no longer called into question. Strikers offered up their homes for the filmmakers to stay in during the shoot. They became increasingly accustomed to Kopple's camera presence at protests, meetings and even down in the mines, where the opening sequence of the film was shot. One vivid scene in the documentary depicts a meeting at the local Multi- Purpose Center, in which internal grievances are aired heatedly. It's unlikely that strategy disagreements within the union movement would have been expressed in front of a crew that the participants felt uncomfortable with.
At first I denied it because I didn’t want to look ridiculous and it seemed completely out of character. But $2,000 for one day of work? Hell, I was in! I had about two months of additional training time before the infomercial shoot date, so I decided to kick my training and diet into full gear. I ate only lean meats, eggs and vegetables four times a day. I exercised six days a week and often did double days. I would lift weights for an hour in the afternoon and then swim for 30 minutes after weight training. I dropped down to just under 6% body fat, and it looked awesome! However, I found myself getting weaker and weaker athletically speaking as my roadmap to getting ripped progressed. I was basically on a bodybuilder’s diet, which was pretty much all protein and little-to-no carbohydrates. I found myself lifting less and less weight and being fatigued more quickly in the pool as my body fat dropped.
leading to the first
Key cards: This year's rookie class, basically
"Come here," he said in a kind of conspiratorial whisper- careful not to let my mother hear him.
Genus: Astrantia
I really liked the art – in fact, I have no real problems with it whatsoever. It could’ve been better, I would’ve preferred it to be more like Clannad, but it’s still pretty damn good. I am fairly certain this certifies to be called a moe anime, and that should sum up the art rather nicely. No, they’re not always in chibi form, act cute and all that – but overall I would definitely describe it as cute. There were a lot of cute romance moments.
We all have to cope without the internet at various times in our lives. I've done it more times than I'd care to but I always survive. It isn't the end of the world. It's just a huge downer and I hate it. You know, I was just reading a column about a man that had to do without his wi-fi service the other day. Now I don't have internet. I believe that is what they call "irony."
ARGHHH!!! Now, he was being ungrateful! I wanted to run from the building in shame.
Moving on - my thoughts today. WHAT IF I could let go, just a little?... What if I could be less critical of myself as a mom? What if I could be OK with what is, rather than second-guessing myself constantly? For example - I wonder if I'm providing "enough" for Allie - enough stimulation, enough interaction, enough entertainment, enough educational experiences, enough time with other babies... is anything I do good enough for her? And how would I ever know if it is?! I let go a little bit today, and it felt REALLY good. I'm telling myself - I'm doing the best I can with what I have in the moment. And my best changes on a daily basis, and what I have in the moment is constantly changing too. So here's to letting go - just a little. Just maybe this baby of mine will turn out OK?! :)
At Centennial Golf Club, par 36
III. Let me show to you why all Christians should think and feel about the cross like Paul.
I’ve got a small mountain of books that I want to read, some that I’ve started many not. They’re a diverse lot, ranging from academic texts on Roman history, a number of travel books (I love good travel writing), a couple on politics, strategy and diplomacy, and a Le Carre that I picked up on the way to the US which I still haven’t finished. The pile keeps getting bigger!
Although doctor’s are more inclined to stick to traditional non-online methods than other interested customers, the ever-widening generational gap for healthcare workers brings more people online. Medical devices are no longer becoming stand-alone, as an increasing number of machines are utilizing laptops and PC’s to enhance the potential and capability of medical devices. EKG’s can be viewed and printed on bigger laptop screens, data can be transmitted wirelessly through the internet. The list goes on. Although a significant portion of doctor’s may prefer to keep their practice as technology-free as possible, the younger generation is rising up and embracing the courtship of medical device and computer/internet technologies.
(Note: price may vary by availability and how willing the gnome brewer is to sell to non-humans)
For the last two years, I have purchased my winter coats in the middle of Summer. Last year I planned it that way as I know that its sensible to browse on ebay for out of season garments if you want a bargain. This year it was accidental and actually one of the hottest days of the year! I saw this on a stall for a bargainous 30 quid at War and Peace. How do you like my 1950s faux leopard fur swing coat?
But am I a work in progress?
And how was the book?
and he with me."
07. Nostromo Dept. – Evolution (Dali S. mix) (6:08)
JCL Nice to have 1 Years 2 – Proficient
Here is your chariot to Lush Limited at the Kawaii Fair, running now though Saturday, April 28. Also mark your calendar for Lush Limited’s very first show happening on May 4th at 6pm where they will introduce their new Spring/Summer line.
Let’s finish with two questions. Yep, two. What do you make of the beer? If you had to assign it a style, which would you pick? I – putting arguments as to whether or not it’s a single beer or a style aside – can kinda see this as an ESB. The malt profile hits me all very-small-barley-wine and that just makes me think Extra Special Bitter.
The brokenness is in the loss of tension, friend.
Posted by Ann Barnhardt - October 18, AD 2011 7:10 PM MST
Jacket:: gift
I guess that was her way of not-so-subtly trying to see if I have a boyfriend or something. Great job, mom. :P As awkward as that conversation was, now that I think of it, it was quite funny.
It’s easy to identify the ways that Dewey’s problems were unique, such as guaranteeing partner compensation and issuing bonds. Leaders of other firms could benefit from a different exercise: assessing how their own institutions are similar to what Dewey & LeBoeuf became after their 2007 merger. Growing partnership inequality is pervasive and its implications are profound.
The backstory….Being the coolest girlfriend ever, (yeah, I said girlfriend) I wanted to do something sweet for Subway’s birthday (by the way its tomorrow). My idea was to take pictures of Dawson all decked out in birthday gear (b’day hat, banner and confetti) then turn these pictures into a super adorable b’day card. I know, I’m so stinking cute!
Beltain, the pagan fire holiday is due to take place tomorrow(and the next day). It is a holiday of beginnings, of putting seeds of mind and matter into the appropriate environment. It is a holiday preparing for hard work and growth and it the holiday to seal committed relationships in order to make them fertile and strong.
and the whole shebang went into the deep freeze for the night. Today I unmolded the cake and it was this nice, sturdy wheel thingy. Very nice. Then I started on the last (TYG!) step, the...
Good luck to all of you and thank's for playing. Giveaway ends on November 15th.
Awesome AWESOME book!
Maybe these aren’t earth-shattering new concepts, but good reminders for a task as large as creating a Rural Futures Institute…and frankly for anything in life.
Yet there are some Desparados
Age beyond age on British land,
City traffic staff was first asked to review Governor’s at Davidson for a possible roundabout in 2005 by then Dundas city councillor Art Samson and his community council.
And very curious.
The continual process of collecting and reproducing a community of admired figures has evolved into a personal catalogue chronicling the influences of the last several years of my life. The further I proceed with this project the more I stray from subjects of my own choosing in order to meet the demand of frequent requests. As a result I have been introduced to several inspiring personalities that I may not have been exposed to otherwise. The process of creating these portraits has allowed me to become involved with the life and accomplishments of these people.
The Likud as a party is more powerful than ever.
Where did you grow up and what bands or music influenced you the most?
The Texas Forensic Science Commission voted unanimously Friday to open an investigation into two complaints about the Austin Police Department crime lab's testing of drug evidence.
This morning, Brayden and I made a quick run to WalMart for a few things, stopped to see my mom and Brandon at work, and then headed home to put groceries away. Brandon was right behind us with the mower, and while he was doing that, Brayden and I were just making our way through the yard playing then back in the garage with some toys.
My life was forever changed becasue of a simple trip to startbucks with a guy I had only seen at church before but never spoken to. I wouldn't trade it for anything.
With forewords by Christian Horner and Adrian Newey, the opening 21 pages are a background to the team and detail of the 2010 season that brought RBR the championships. Then starts the core 100 page chapter on the cars anatomy, which opens with a pseudo cutaway of the car showing a CAD rendering of its internals.
I am proud to be an Australian, 3rd generation on my fathers side, we live in a lovely but terrifying at times country, and are very lucky to live where we live and not in many other places, we might have floods and fires but on the whole we are generous and I hope welcoming to those from other countries.
Who knows? I may end up with a bunch of swatches to use for reference and no real project at all. My 2012 Stitch of the Month Odyssey has begun, and it could end up almost anywhere.
They danced to Queen’s Bohemian Rhapsody (and I revert to my former position that DWTS should not be allowed to use Queen music), which is so hard because the tempo changes constantly and there’s not a good beat to dance to. She lost her steps a couple times – definitely not her best dance.
Franzmann’s award-winning debut play is focused around a white teacher who is desperate to protect a black student even after he’s assaulted her in school, eventually leading to a never-ending web of lies and, ultimately, a series of disasterous consequences.
Love-French Meadow brownies, Udi muffins, General Mills chex, Glutino Pretzels, Back to Nature crackers and Glutino crackers.
- 2 Tbsp water
Hopefully, the NFL honors Seau by allowing the game to be played the way he played it.
There is a great deal in Nietzsche that must be dismissed as merely megalomaniac… It is obvious that in his day-dreams he is a warrior, not a professor; all the men he admires were military. His opinion of women, like every man’s, is an objectification of his own emotion towards them, which is obviously one of fear. “Forget not thy whip”–but nine women out of ten would get the whip away from him, and he knew it, so he kept away from women, and soothed his wounded vanity with unkind remarks.
Letting go or selling my little apartment is part of this shift. Yesterday, I spoke to a real estate agent, who said that they were giving me a reality shift about the real estate market. I loved their choice of words: I couldn’t believe they actually said: reality shift, but truly they did, because that, of course, allowed me to tell them about my blog. (Which they liked, naturally.)
The airline industry are preparing to sue the pants off the Met Office following the non-existent ash clouds that grounded all aircraft across Europe earlier this year.
So this past weekend, in a borrowed truck and a borrowed flat-bed trailer, we made the trek to Chicago.
Ok I'm sure you've all had an awkward moment where you felt like you just wanted to melt or you wanted out of that situation ASAP. Lately I have been feeling like the queen of awkward. Allow me to enumerate just a few instances.
Government teacher, Jeremy Truelove, states that, “Women’s rights are becoming better, but are definitely not equal.”
Last but certainly far from least, I want to talk about the magnetic triggers that was mentioned yesterday. I had seen for a couple of weeks various people just waking up one day and walking out of their lives. I had not talked about it because it was really strange. It looked almost zombie like… blank stares just leaving. I had no clue where they were going, I was too transfixed on the blank facial expressions… some even had older children along side of them, equally with the same blank look on their face. I am sure, if I had really looked at the expression on my own face as I moved out of my family’s life to New Mexico, I would have looked the same. Had no clue why I was doing it, or what would happen…. I just had to go. I am more than grateful that I did!!
Glenda And The Test Tube Baby 4:57
“Danny, Daniel, what's the difference doc?”. At this Daniel looked pretty mortified.
Mr. David McClean,
my life
4) It was never impossible to find a plumber, though it was impossible to find a CHEAP PLUMBER - before the european union allowed millions of economic migrants into the UK the trade of a British plumber was well paid with loads of work. Wages have now dropped and jobs are going to dodgy europen workers with dodgy qualifications, who dont pay tax and who undercut British workers wages and conditions.
changes, untill further notice..
George Harrison 'Wah Wah' 1970.
So anyway wait for 30 minutes then talk to him and he’ll give you one Legend Festival coin. You will also get some useless 30 minute buff called Legend Sweet Syrup Buff.
Bang Gang In heaven IS
Losing to UMBC 71-67 on January 17 was the nadir for Holland, the frustration of which contributed to his game-high 24 points in the team’s mid-February 85-53 drubbing of the Retrievers.
No I didn’t. Not true. I said I rarely went out and, other than two occasions which I’ll describe later, I didn’t meet men - repeatedly, in response to the increasingly probing questions about my love life.
The girls are on holiday at the moment, and I really had planned to document how we spend this precious time.
What an amazing little tool! The product has helped my daughter, who is often overwhelmed by all the words on a page in chapter books, focus on one line at a time. We have also used it with her math worksheets to help her work on one problem at a time ~ no more skipping problems!
Girl finds herself pregnant.
I’m your mother, I know everything. –Kala (Tarzan)
Xacto Knife
I haven't had much time lately to wander around our property snapping photos... working two jobs not only takes up my time, but it's been sapping my energy to do all the things I love at home. :-(
Just before we enter the mountainous “wilderness,” we meet this friendly fella. He walked with us for quite a ways. Apparently, he had a lot of room to roam on his side of the fence. When we reached the end of his domain, we stopped to say good-bye; he dropped his head and, thinking he was encouraging a pat, I reached out to stroke his nose. Good thing I have quick reflexes or I might have lost a finger or two. When will I learn that animals aren’t thinking “friend!” so much as “food?”
There are a couple of women in my life who have been trying to have a baby and have had a hard road. Both are in a waiting for their little ones patiently. And currently are close to having their dreams of a family come true. Please help me pray for them!
Then also in Mark 3:31-34. “A crowd was sitting around him…Then he looked at those seated in a circle around him…”
‘We welcome it, but we are wary. They need to specify something different than miniature ITV stations, they should insist on a model that is democratically run by local people and accountable to them. But will they?
Yea, I have put forth the decree, and hasten to carry out your sentences, O peoples of the earth! And what is the sentence, you ask?… Look upon the slaughtered innocent, look upon their torn and broken bodies… Behold how they are torn in pieces! See how their blood pours down and their limbs are strewn about!… LOOK!!! Look how they are scraped out of their mother’s womb!… Look upon the works of your hands, you evil and most wicked generation!… LOOK UPON YOUR WICKEDNESS!!! LOOK UPON ALL YOU HAVE DONE!
Score: Carrie-Ann=9, Len=8, Bruno=8 for a total of 25 and a grand total of 69
I picked up Official Book Club Selection because Home Safe, last week’s read, was decidedly emotional. I figured this book wouldn’t be, and I was partway right. Griffin does touch on some emotional stuff—her flirtation with an eating disorder, her botched plastic surgery, the aforementioned pedophilia—but a self-deprecating celebrity story is never far behind.
needle click.
There are career-y reasons why I haven't been updating much recently but I hope to do more soon.
A group of artists, musicians and dance groups will also take the stage to ensure that you are entertained for the entire evening.
What better way to express the best strategy for adapting to a new environment than that old gem of a proverb, "When in Rome, do as the Romans do"? So, I did. For the second meal that I cooked in my new Philippine kitchen, I made pesto. (The first meal involved lamb chops, a borrowed stock pot and the aforementioned smoke alarm. Let's just leave it at that.)
Congratulations! There are no signs that you are being an emotional vampire.
Here is the first page:
About Faithgirlz!: Faithgirlz! is a collection of books, Bibles and resources designed to provide transformational Christian experiences for tween girls. Faithgirlz! encourages honest tween-girl empowerment by providing engaging, relevant, high-quality offerings, helping tween girls understand their world, learn biblical teachings, become closer to God and grow into godly teenagers. Faithgirlz! offers excellent content and contributions from leading Christian tween writers and spokespeople including Nancy Rue, Melody Carlson, Kristi Holl, Naomi Kinsman and more. Faithgirlz! is also supported with a website (www.Faithgirlz.com), Facebook page and mother and daughter live events across the country.
succumb it is my mission
Today's Plan:
Is It So Hard To Raise Boys?
4. Perhaps Longenecker has confused the Septuagint with the version done by Aquila, which does have the word μονογενής here. There are a number of such careless errors of fact in Longenecker’s article. He states that “in Genesis 22:2, 12, 16, and Jubilees 18:2, 11, 15 (possibly also Jos. Antiq. 1:222), monogenes is used of Isaac in the sense of Abraham’s ‘favored,’ ‘chosen,’ or ‘unique’ son, vis-a-vis Ishmael.” (pp. 121-22.) But in fact the Septuagint does not have the word μονογενής in Genesis 22. It has the word αγαπητος, “beloved.” The word μονογενής does not occur at all in the Pentateuch of the Septuagint. It is hard to understand why Longenecker is citing Jubilees here, because there is no extant Greek text for the Book of Jubilees. And the manuscripts of the Ethiopic version of this book (upon which we rely for any indication of the wording in the lost Greek version) do not indicate μονογενής in the places Longenecker cites. They indicate αγαπητος (in line with the Septuagint version of Genesis 22) or πρωτοτοκος “first born.” Probably Longenecker just assumed that the Septuagint used the word in reference to Isaac in Genesis 22 because the Epistle to the Hebrews (which often quotes from the Septuagint) uses the word in reference to Isaac in 11:17. But strangely, later in the same paragraph he writes, “the LXX also renders yahid by agapetos (Gen. 22:2, 12, 16 …”, which seems to indicate that he was aware of the fact that the Septuagint uses αγαπητος instead of μονογενής in Genesis 22. In the same paragraph he also asserts that “in Psalms of Solomon 18:4 and Ezra 6:58, Israel is referred to as both prototokos and God’s monogenes” (p. 122), but there is no “Ezra 6:58.” Evidently in this case he has been confused by a statement in Büchsel’s article in the TDNT, which says that “There is a striking use of μονογενής in Ps.Sol. 18:4 : ‘Thy chastisement comes upon us (in love) as the first born and the only begotten son.’ With this may be compared 4 Esr. 6:58 : ‘But we, thy people, whom thou hast called the first born, the only begotten, the dearest friend, are given up into their hands.’” Here Büchsel is referring to the Latin text of Fourth Esdras (also called Second Esdras), a book for which there is no extant Greek text. Apparently Longenecker mistook it for a reference to the Greek text of the canonical book of Ezra in the Septuagint. Longenecker does not seem to have looked at the texts he refers to; he is instead relying upon secondary sources, which we misunderstands, and so he misleads the reader into thinking that the word μονογενής is present in the cited texts.
She always believed he was her destiny—but what if fate has other plans?
is my mom going to be ok... or is she next?
Right now, I don’t have ready access to these seemingly essential tools of office work. I don’t know whether we just have a shortage, or whether there might be some safety issue involved. I feel I’ve demonstrated a level of responsibility during my 30-plus years with the company to show I can be trusted to handle sharp instruments. If there is some training involved in how to properly attach one piece of paper to another, I’d be eager to learn. I believe learning is a lifelong pursuit and am always eager to gain new skills.
Cook until potatoes are soft but not mushy.
And HAPPY!
Banana
I always assumed that the book was about misers. Freeville sounds thrifty, right? Dickinson is funny on the show, so I gave it a shot.
Too pumped full of fear and corporate product placements
Gas stations and refineries
If your car doors kept getting dented by unconsiderate drivers or passenger of the car parking beside you. Take a picture of your "car neighbours". What you want to do to car owner/passenger is up to your imagination.
You also need to look at color options. Sherri Hill dresses come in all sorts of interesting colors that can be used to really make you the center of attention at your next formal event. Some of the colors are more traditional or understated, though. The main thing is to make sure that a color doesn't wash you out or bring out the flaws in your skin. Color can also be used to enhance your features and to make your best features really stand out.
moved he was. Without embarrassment, tears
Divide the dough in half, and on a floured surface, roll each half out into a 9" circle.
Solution: Comprehensive Exit Strategy: Plan to identify the current value of the business, quickly enhance the value, develop a marketing plan to identify either internal or external prospective buyers, and get the best price for the business.
Hi kids! I hope you all have gotten the AC up and running. Some of the AC units they installed in the Las Maravillas area have parts that are impossible to find around here. The water intake units that take the water from the pan to the pads (you will notice two half circle pieces made from hose/tubing if you have this type of unit) cannot be found at Home Depot or Raks.
”Burris incorrectly assumes that the entire 40 points in the measures of student learning will be derived from standardized state exams. But the use of value-added growth measures from state standardized exams need not take up more than 20% of the total teacher evaluation – and then only for a minority of teachers, those teaching English Language Arts and Mathematics, grades 4 through 8.”
Whoever came up with that idea is a genius! My boys would LOVE that. I'm a mean mom and won't take them to Build a Bear because we can't have stuffies in our house due to our allergies.
Whether they're dangling indoors or dangling outdoors, the sight of male genitalia flopping freely without the support of a two-pronged hammock always makes me nervous. How nervous, you reluctantly ask? Let's say one minute you're sitting on the couch watching your boyfriend mirthfully skip to the fridge to get some more horseradish. Sounds innocent enough, right? Well, you won't be thinking it's so innocent the moment you find yourself desperately trying to stem the flow of blood gushing from between their legs with the latest issue of Italian Vogue. Accidentally slicing off a substantial chunk of their cherished junk as a result of tripping and falling crotch-first into one of the sharper-than-usual corners of your expensive coffee table, you calmly pick up the pieces and proceed to drive them to the emergency room. First off, you're probably thinking to yourself: why are the corners of their coffee table so damned sharp? But more importantly, you'll be cursing the delicate nature of the male reproductive system (why couldn't my boyfriend have a vagina?!?). Which reminds me, whenever I'd watch my cat lick himself, I would always feel a tad envious over the fact that he could retract his penis in a manner that allowed them to carry themselves with a modicum of dignity while he performed his daily allotment of cat-based duties. I would think to myself: Gee, I wish I could retract the overwhelming largeness of my penis (I've got a plethora of non-penis-related things to do during the day). Unfortunately, a naked man isn't like a cat at all, they're obscene, useless, violent, and, worst of all, frightfully unladylike. The women in Paul Morrissey's Women in Revolt are beginning to realize this as well, and who can blame them. Sick of being paid less money and tired of having their meaty holes treated like some sort of repository for wayward pricks, the kooky collection of women who populate this shrill realm are ready to start a revolution.
And the Lord came and stood, calling as at other times, “Samuel! Samuel!” And Samuel said, “Speak, for your servant hears.”
We prepared as best we could as the wind started up. Then the rain/snow came. Sideways. The front window sprung a leak. Mister Fix It was blown off his ladder trying to seal it with silicone it in the dark. Don’t worry, he is tall, so the landing was shorter.
A large segment of voters actually worship this “controlled military asset” – clueless to her true identity, just as the other “controlled asset” Mr. Hope & Change was worshiped by deluded masses worn out by former regime. Pure geopolitical social alchemy via “Hegelian Dialectic“ at work here — Lather, rinse, repeat.
but it is just my opinion. Those people on those shows are dull as dish water and in the majority -- have no substance to their personalities. They are all about who is going with who and how such and such look; and truth be told the women on it are not natural beauties. Miranda Kerr springs to mind as a natural beauty as does Bar Refaeli (my dream woman).
The dome of St Paul’s Cathedral is an excellent place from which to view the rooftops of London. The climb to the top is well worth the effort – on your way, you pass through the whispering gallery, where your whisper on one side can be heard at the other of the dome.
You may know that Pam is my sister-in-law, that she lives in Germany, and that she's one of the best friends I've ever had.
Running till you were out of breath, laughing so hard that your stomach hurt.
Ben is drawn in by an old flame who is the sister of the dead guy when she too suddenly feels in threat of her life and soon they link it all to an old letter, reputedly written by Mozart, that her father found many years before and which her brother had been researching.
from Lilybee Designs.
“I am a very old man and have suffered a great many misfortunes, most of which never happened.”which seems to summarise the whole mindset rather well methinks.
Publisher: Sterling Children's Books
To make sure, you can also check the seller’s name as well as his address. Compare that piece of information with the title and the registration of the vehicle. Verify these pieces of information as well. The vehicle identification number (VIN) should also help. Dents, scratches or loose rivets on the plate would mean that it may have been tampered. Then, check the VIN with the number on the title given to you. The Department of Motor Vehicles may also help. You can ask them to run a title history just to be on the safe side.
Then..I stumbled upon this page..scrolled down..reading all of posts from people in the adoption world looking to find family and answers. I didn’t think anything would come of it..but I felt compelled to continue reading on..until I saw an entry that made me forget how to breathe for a few moments.
I listen to the waves laughing as I kick the grin from the settling sand.
Once I finished Vicky Dreiling first novel I found myself wanting more and I had to wait a little for the sequel. Waiting is the most frustrating part when you find an author you want to continue with their work. The second book, How to Seduce a Scoundrel was worth the wait.
All balled up and ready to go. I love having a stash of yarn ready to knit up. Some days it's enough to make life worth living!
… terms for God, as well the whole understanding of God, must now be delineated with respect to Jesus.
I have two highlights from the convention. The first was Malice Go Round, speed dating with mystery writers. 200+ fans sit at tables, and mystery authors in teams of two have two minutes to pitch their books to the fans at each table (twenty in all). I discovered I was pretty good at it (years of pitching to agents/editors paid off!), and Rebecca M. Hale was an excellent pitching buddy. The second highlight was the Penguin/NAL dinner. I loved meeting the editors and other authors from the imprint even if I felt little like the kid who was promoted to the adult table at Thanksgiving. It was a wonderfully surreal moment.
So, I promised to talk about option clauses. As I mentioned before, Publishers want the broadest language possible and agents want the narrowest language possible.
He knew the dimensions and powers of the world were very big and that eternal forces would ultimately conquer everything we humans value; but he hadn’t the faintest conception of how very much bigger the universe actually would be proven to be. We now know how even tinier humanity’s impact on those ultimate things can ever be. Let’s observe — our life’s maximum is a hundred years, but the Universe is already 13.8 billion years old. That is 13,800,000,000 to 100 or 13 million times longer than our maximum life expectancy. And, our space traveled in that 100 years under our own walking power, at ten miles per day, would be only 365,000 miles. That is less than 2 seconds of travel of that 13.8 billion light years distance of space and in one dimension only. We are very, very tiny in comparison to the universe and yet our relationship to the vastly greater realm than William’s is identical to his. Thus his thoughts are as accurate and applicable today as they were when he wrote them.
Please help share Avery’s story.
I've gotten some neat craft ideas, great sewing tips, a few "inspiration" picture, and some decent recipes from there. In fact, most of my pins are recipes. I like food.
at what cost?
632 D-XI/8/1972. “On the Election Returns.” Crossroads International Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
In heavy saucepan, combine sugar, flour, salt, and milk. bring to boil over
The storyline jumps back and forth in time from 1972 to 1987, again from the voices of the characters. When we are introduced to Caroline and Mitch, as well as Caroline’s other cousin Cecil, the author describes how the children spend their summers at The Country House. Caroline has an extremely close relationship with Mitch and their love and friendship is apparent. Caroline and her cousins happen to discover a small white cross, which begins the mystery of who left the cross and why. I don’t want to give away the entire book, but readers are brought back in time and learn who made the cross, why it was made, and who it honors.
After all, after 3 k's there is only another 18 to go. Just one foot on front of the other. Problem is the weeks are ticking away already this year and my fitness is the lowest that it has been for a long time. I am sure the event will be looming before I know it!
Can’t wait to see you!
You would also be amazed at all the technology that today's salesmen need to effectively compete in an ever-changing market. This week as I eagerly patrolled the roads of a vast sales territory I was surrounded by an array of every technological advance of the past twenty years needed to help find my way and keep track of billions of kilobytes of information. My car almost looked like the nuclear war room at the White House, or the cockpit of a 747 jet. Sitting close by was a blackberry loaded with contacts. Attached to my ear was a bloothtooth device that in connection with my blackberry formed a PAN, or as it's called in the sales world; "a personal area network." Sitting on the passenger car seat within easy reach was my new laptop, and attached conveniently next to my rear-view mirror was the latest in satelite-based geosynchronous positioning devices. My devices were so complicated, I decided to hire my nephew, Melvin to sit in the back seat to service and maintain my systems, and be available to fix any unforseen glitches. The good news is that he's unemployed, will work for Wii games, doesn't talk much, like me, loves Star Trek, and is a whiz at computers, and video games.
Nov 15 – The MACC hand over investigations into the alleged multi-million ringgit purchase of a luxury condominium in Bangsar by the NFCorp to the police.
But the federal government, which funded the research, asked the scientists not to publish details of their work. Officials were worried that the full papers would give bioterrorists a blueprint for creating weapons. That led to a wide-ranging debate among scientists, many of whom argued that sharing details of such work is essential in fighting the threat of dangerous viruses.
Mats Björk: psychedelic sound engineering
Brahms – Violin Concerto in D major, op.77
Snack: protein shake
Instinctively he dry heaves thinking it a figment of his hungover
Where do you see Andrew James in three years’ time?
Like many of my readers, my "go to" shopping places do not include the malls. In fact, other than groceries, cleaning products and toiletries, I rarely buy anything that wasn't pre-owned. Shopping the thrift stores, yard sales, and consignment shops requires a reverse kind of thinking. Although you might have a "would love to find" list, you go without expectations and generally come home with things that hadn't crossed your mind.
I cannot! I cannot see well enough to figure out the letters and thus cannot leave comments as usual. For many of the blogs that I read that use smaller font, I have to copy and paste into a word document so that I can read them with a larger font. But this word verification thing... I just cannot do it.
“Where did he go to school?”
Don't be afraid to use the weather to add contrast. Unusual pairings, especially when drawing attention to the Character's emotions, is a powerful trigger for tension. Consider how the bleak mood of a character is even more noticeable as morning sunlight dances across the crystals of fresh snow on the walk to work. Or how the feeling of betrayal is so much more poignant on a hot summer day. Likewise, success or joy can be hampered by a cutting wind or drizzling sleet, foreshadowing conflict to come.
‘Program Anak Emas Pulau Pinang’ is expected to cost the state government up to RM10mil annually.
And while these versions of THAT friend are generally nice, watch out if your girlfriend ever rises to the interesting level of the snotty accomplished bitch. It’s like Highlander in THAT friend world: there can be only one.
hint...hint!
I can honestly tell you I have NEVER experienced the glory of God as most people claim to have. I can’t remember myself THANKING GOD for anything because I’ve never felt as if there was this all powerful being watching over me and providing me with food, shelter, and many other things on a daily basis. This concept of “the power of prayer” has never felt so personal and meaningful to me, so I was never compelled to say “Thank the Lord, you have answered my prayer!” Is there a God that watches over me? I DON’T KNOW! I’ve never felt this invisible presence in my life by a being that has never been proven to exist. Thus lies the conundrum for me on this Easter Sunday…I’m not quite sure what this day means for me.
Wow! I just spent 30 minutes trying to get back into my blog. It's all pretty confusing and complicated to me.
At my last Kaiser Optifast support group meeting, two in the group (a woman from my original “cohort” and a man who was from another group) talked about recent half marathons they had run! I’m not sure which the man ran, but the woman had just run (or more accurately, run/walked) the Disneyland 2012 Tinker Bell Half Marathon on Sunday, January 29th.
part of
parents coming home to find their child lying on the floor in a fetal position crying hysterically after being expelled from school, students attempting to defend themselves of false charges made by the FCS administration only to be declared liars, students facing suspension/expulsion for charges that are never proven, students being expelled over the phone, students hammered with Psalms and called prostitutes by a leadership bent on shaming with unproven accusations of sexual sin, students struggling with depression, and students given little or no opportunity for defense. One parent called this school year a "blood bath" when she referred to the six students who have been indefinitely suspended/expelled in the last few months alone.
“The person and the various parts of their brain and the mouse and the monitor are so tightly intertwined that they’re just one thing,” said Anthony Chemero, a cognitive scientist at Franklin & Marshall College. “The tool isn’t separate from you. It’s part of you.”
Ben-David said the Israel Air Force “does not have the capacity to destroy the entire Iranian program.” There will be no replication of the decisive strikes on Iraq’s Osirak reactor in 1981 or on Syria in 2007, he said. “The result won’t be definitive.” But, a pilot quoted in the report said, the IAF will have to ensure that it emerges with the necessary result, with “a short and professional” assault.
Call 212-226-7570 to reserve yourself a spot.
Congratulations, Farmer Catherine, and Good Luck with the 2009 Season!
will take with me is the skill of brevity. Not because it is abundant,
“Clint Eastwood plays Obe Wan Kanobe in a version of Star Wars set in 1920s rural America.”
I also got me a new gig!
what I love about the special surprise is the miracle of you.
She’s not allowed to travel. That’s
Then throw in the added anxiety of Brigham's massive vomiting attacks. They are scary and awful. Landon has never thrown up. Ever. So seeing a tiny little baby have 4 ounces of milk spew out of his mouth and spray out his nose is not only new to us but terrifying. We took him to the ER the other night but they couldn't find anything wrong with him. But he did it again last night and I just wanted to cry. My poor baby. What's wrong with him? He doesn't throw up after every feeding so I don't think it's reflux. But what the heck is causing this?
by
Jude must address some false teachers and there are teachers who pervert the grace of God to sensuality.
2039.E-IV/22/1983. On Harold Hayden and the Rockefellor Chapel stained-glass windows. University of Chicago Maroon, Chicago, Illinios, p. 4.
What if your doctor told you, "Go everywhere that you ever wanted to see, and do it now, your time is short."
Check out all the fabulous 'splashes' from our designers
Inn’s father taught him chess as a boy, before the Khmer Rouge killed his family when he was 13. He was living in an orphanage when American soldiers found him and took him to the U.S. A family in New Jersey adopted him, but then began abusing him. Inn played the tournament chess circuit throughout high school. He later attended Rutgers University between 1984 and 1987 and studied literature and classics.
I went to sleep very late last night and I was counting on the fact that, since I had no pressing issues to attend to, I could sleep in. No, that was not to be. I woke up after a few hours to go to the bathroom and that's when I heard it...the siren call of my garden begging for attention. Try as I might I could not go back to sleep. When she calls me, I must answer. Where I intended nothing more than to water the garden, She would not have it. She had been patient long enough, suffering through my extended periods of busyness wherein I could not tend to her. It was time to dress her up for the summer and She wanted me to lay out her clothes.
Alice walks down the immaculately paved path along a tiered carpark, tears careening down her face. It's like some disease she doesn't recognise. Three times this has happened and she doesn't know why but this time it's different. She did nothing wrong, wasn't contentious as she draws her sunglasses from her bag and begins to sob and rationalise what's happened.
Me: Ohhhhhhhhh, right.
B) The thirteen year old virgin priestess creating a triangle
However, she's really into the whole animal print theme. That's really funny to me. Over the summer, I re-did the kids bathroom. Blue walls, brown shower curtain, and everything accent in animal print. She hated it! Or so she said. I'm starting to wonder...
In prison, there are no screaming or whining children or spouses asking you to do something else for them, or screaming at you because you didn't. Doesn’t that make you want to go out and do something illegal?
For details of workshops and further information please contact Lindel Graham at healinglight@lindel.co.uk or visit the website www.gaiadonheart.com
So maybe those will come sooner rather than later?
We at Dolores Delargo Towers salute a magnificent style icon! RIP.
I wish we could suspend paychecks for US Senators Actors Studio’s James Lipton Gives Mitt Romney Advice on Being Human White Supremacy Defended By Former National Review Writer A Peephole View of How the Koch Brothers Do Their Dirty Work – This Time Wisconsin Winston Churchill’s Message to the US Congress :)
Firstly: Bob Marley is an inspiration, he gave himself to the world, and all he wanted was everyone ‘black white Chinese’ to live as one… ONE LOVE, ONE HEART, LETS GET TOGETHER AND FEEL ALRIGHT! I love him more than I thought after the film and highly recommend it. Although the world is not at peace yet, his songs comfort and help us. He said if he can’t help the people his life wasn’t worth living, I think it’s amazing how driven he was. I felt…feel inspired. After I have revised (?) I am going to listen to my Bob Marley ‘Legend’ record.
I haven't really enjoyed my Birthday in years... Since I was 13 or so, Birthdays reminded me of all the things I hadn't done in that year (all the things I thought would be good to do at X age, that never happened). A time to feel sad about all the things in my life that weren't the way I wanted them to be. Isn't that a horrible way of looking at things?
COPS Season 23, Episode 2, “Customs and Border Patrol
Back at the dorm, Tosh is chatting online, trying to find a sex partner. The killer replies with an instant message, and they start flirting online. As Tosh leaves the room to get ready for her "date", the killer tells her in the IM that he's already in her room. When she sees the response, he throws her onto the bed, and begins to suffocate Tosh to death. Natalie enters the room, hears the muffled cries, and assumes that Tosh is just having sex, so she leaves the light off. After Tosh is killed, the murderer passes by Natalie's bed, and leaves a message in blood that mimics the urban legend she learned about from the book: AREN'T YOU GLAD YOU DIDN'T TURN ON THE LIGHT? She calls 911, and is questioned by both the dean and Reese. Nearby, Brenda and Paul watch as the dean asks Natalie about the incident. Both the dean and Reese try to convince her that Tosh committed suicide, but Nat doesn't buy it.
January: *writes a short*
Eric Hines
Inks made in USA
So what do you know?
He drove me home and before I got out of the car, he asked me “if this was good,” as he quickly pointed back and forth between him and me. I said “yes, absolutely.” He gave me a slightly less sloppy, but longer kiss, and I got out of his car and went into the house. It was 2am. That first date had lasted six hours.
09/12/2011 BUY 0.02 audcad 1.02912
This is a “silent dinner,” one of many extracurricular events American Sign Language students attend for additional practice. Their instructor Sara Bianco, who is deaf, said these events give students a taste of deaf culture.
They’re going to be everywhere in 2012. American Vogue devotes six pages in the January issue to them, with the injunction “Dare to Flare”. But thanks to the Jil Sander collection of peplums that looked as though they’d been inflated with a pump, they were already the sleeper hit of 2011, although not all looked as modern as the Sander one.
Of hope within reach of you, it’ll forever stay…
TV and movies can be valuable, but I think that we are neglecting a very important channel that we can use for these ongoing discussions and common experiences. That channel is books. The problem is that for us to really have a shared experience, we have to read what they are reading, or at the very least, ask them about what they are reading.
*please note sarcasm!
Row 2: 2 sc in first sc, sc in next 2 sc, 2 sc in last sc, ch 1, turn (6).
Perhaps he was scared that Trayvon would ice tea him to death or something. It just makes no sense to me.
OMG! I could rip my hair out. That’s SO dumb!
As women, we take for granted that our bodies do weird things, have odd discharges, bleed sometimes when it is not expected, and so on.
The only thing I want this new novel to be is enjoyable and entertaining. I'll use the conversation from MIND THIEF when Howie and Vivian go on their first date to sum it up:
ESHEBA FROM ASHTAR COMMAND SAYS: Heaven has decided officially that it will not be long before we fill your skies for the time is now truly at hand.
Solar in Spring – Summer – Fall, wind supplemental at these times.
After school, I talked to Garret about the music for wind Symphony. Mr. Hilton finally told them what we’re playing. there are like six pieces! Luckily, two of them were written by students (Nick and Kyle) and when they gave me them Kyle even apologized for how simple it was and I told him that it was no problem because the simpler it was the easier it would be to use. So, I went into the music library to get the other four pieces and I got two of them and had to go ask Garret again because I couldn’t remember what the other two were. So I went back in (trying to rush because my dad was already outside waiting for me because it’s Wednesday and he doesn’t have a lot of time) and got the one piece, but the last piece was a mess. The folder it was in was totally unorganized. It wasn’t even organized by song (because it’s got more than one movement, and sometimes when pieces have a lot of movements the copies of music are organized that way. I don’t think it’s supposed to be, but we have done it in the past.) So I was trying to find the oboe part, of which there’s always only one or two, and I had to go through the whole stack twice.
“NATO headquarters in Brussels and the Turkish high command are meanwhile drawing up plans for their first military step in Syria, which is to arm the rebels with weapons for combating the tanks and helicopters spearheading the Assad regime’s crackdown on dissent. Instead of repeating the Libyan model of air strikes, NATO strategists are thinking more in terms of pouring large quantities of anti-tank and anti-air rockets, mortars and heavy machine guns into the protest centers for beating back the government armored forces.”(DEBKAfile, NATO to give rebels anti-tank weapons, August 14, 2011)
Contact: Aja Worthy-Davis at (212) 788-7081
So last night's lesson was the start of trying to put Oliver on the bit and keeping him there. We've reached the stage in our training that he knows what to do, but I needed to finally figure a few things out before we could progress.
The fish is sitting on a coral reef (made from those squidgy shapes you sometimes get in parcels, glued together), which again is decorated with tissue paper, shells and dewdrops. I cut, scored and folded acetate and used double sided tape to make up the egguarium.
Just an idea I’m working on before I start my coding for the gameplay. I intend to have everything laid out before I start that part, in order to fully integrate everything and not make it seem tacked on.
After continuing to try, Mat decided to re-enlist. When you re-enlist, you are given a few options to choose from, one of them being choice of station. He decided he wanted to go back to Germany. When Mat and I married, I made him the promise that wherever the Army took him, I would follow, no questions asked. After some soul-searching, I decided that moving to another country would be stressful enough and I didn't want the stress that trying to conceive brings, so we decided to stop trying.
There is something not quite real about walking over fault lines leading to the centre of the earth and around glaciers harbouring “dormant” volcanoes. I felt more connected to life than I can ever remember feeling before.
Brother Mike, a monk, found Inn wandering the streets and brought him to an orphanage.
One of the many clear distinctions between playing for Burridge, in the fourteenth tier of the English pyramid structure, and the higher echelons of football, is how games are officiated. Southampton League games are allocated a referee, but his assistants - which tend to still be called linesmen at this level of football, are volunteers from each team. Usually one of the team's substitutes, and in this case the duty of responsibility fell on me. Once you get over the fact that both of the assistants have hugely vested interests in the game everyone can get on with giving them plenty of grief for making bad decisions, which ironically enough is exactly what seems to happen in professional football.
Number of cards towards the set: 265/1500 (17.67%)
Rose has a mandatory Bible study every morning at 10:30. The whole world stops and whoever is around has no choice but to participate Recently French and I were ice-fishing with Bruce Fish and it was 10:30. Out comes her wretched looking Bible. We weren't paying enough attention so she handed it to French to read the day's passage. Usually he can't even find his Bible, but he stopped what he was doing and read aloud. Rose looked well pleased.
Amy explains that The Thrifty Chicks’ goal--to create a more robust reuse market--is heavily rooted in a desire to lighten the impact that the American new product market has on the environment. “Our current shopping behaviour costs a lot more than the price tag we see. It carries a heavy carbon footprint that no one’s fully deciphered. We know the calories in one stinkin’ pickle because the FDA regulates food labeling. But we’ve no idea the cost of manufacturing and shipping of a new pair of blue jeans made in China across the world to the U.S.,” Amy says. “The carbon footprint of our shopping is undeniably large and it continues to grow, even during a devastating recession. This makes no sense. Product reuse can significantly help lower the flow of cheap, new, energy intensive goods into the country.”
I. Let me show you what the apostle Paul did not glory in.
Am I going through a dormant stage like all the trees outside? They are performing spectacular costume changes. It's really quite something to see, especially from the swing set in the park where you can swing so high that you actually get nauseous. Trust me.
Ok, I know I’m blowing all of this way out of proportion. It’s just a pair of freaking pants. But, obivously it goes a bit deeper than that. In fact, I suspect that we all have those outfits in our closets that we are terrified of wearing, even though we really want to. I can’t be the only one. Maybe we can all find a day to wear these outfits together. Safety in numbers. Perhaps then the reviews will say ”Ms. J and friends found a rare form of fashion courage today and dared to wear the outfits of their dreams. The sight of so many gorgeous people in all shapes and sizes was awe-inspiring, especially Ms. J herself as she confidently wore her new black leather boots and a pair of jeggings.”
These food items are sold by Aimee in Dalaran, located outside the city’s north bank (Horde side).
Many of President Obama’s fervent devotees are young enough not to have much memory of the political world before the arrival of The One. Coincidentally, Obama himself feels the same way—and the White House’s official website reflects that.
“In Our Hearts Forever” meets the first Tuesday of every month from 6:30 to 7:30 p.m. in Riverview Medical Center’s lower level conference center. New members and support persons are always welcome; but the group asks that no children attend. No fee or registration is required. For more information, please email inourheartsforever@gmail.com or visit inourheartsforever@groups.facebook.com.
Perhaps the most striking thing of his recent performance is who he’s pitched against. He shut down two of baseballs most prominent offenses, Detroit and the Yankees. He’s also beaten a rejuvinated Minnesota lineup with Mauer and Morneau healthy thus far. Tonight he beat a Toronto team that is always among the league leaders in on base percentage. Texas paid a hefty transfer fee to his former Japanese club, but early returns indicate he’s worth it.
Unless written so by the one known as The Former White Hat, any posting on the Fulford Blog has been fabricated by agents of the Cabal or a clone.
Maybe I'll hit the jackpot in my dreams eh? (worth a shot...I'll let you know)
Post baby Benjamin, Gisele is unstoppable ! The Vogue covers is the result. Bravo Mrs.Brady !!
Most of the time, I feel (superficially, in the consciousness) “neutral” or “colorless”, but I don’t feel sad about it. I can manage to produce some short-termed feelings of happiness or sadness at will, but choose neither. The meaningful choice would be happiness, but I perceive the arbitrary production of feelings of happines as “immature”, “irresponsible”, “naïve”, “unrealistic”, etc.
*it is fun
I did some Google searches to get a feel for what to wear.
We use all 4 of our guestrooms for ministry and entertaining so I don't feel like I can take over one whole room. But one room has a huge quadruple door area and am hoping I can make it work!
I enjoy reading. I enjoy writing. I enjoy reading what I write. But if it isn’t flowing, stressing over it will not make it come any faster. I need to give myself permission to step back, re-charge my batteries, and allow the process to take me over again.
To make music check out Aviary’s suite of online tools. Everything you need for free online 24/7 at:
TEL: (021) 7279-3777
A further note: Kranti Sangivane’s email address is given so one may communicate with Kranti Sangivane.
The back slid up like a garage door, and inside were boxes and shelves of produce and goods. You don’t really wander through it, you tell the guy what you’re looking for, and he brings it to you. There were boxes and bins of fruit and veggies, and other staple foods like milk, eggs, and juice, and there was also some junk food (like Cheetos and soda), which, to be honest, bummed me out. Some of the fruit:
Well I am off to continue my evening mom taxi service. I come I go I come I go....I know alot of you KWIM.....
Suddenly he pulled back. She missed the separation immediately. Her eyes flew open, locking with his, questioning.
Oh, that’s it! I wrote this a few days ago, as usual, and thought, um. Avoiding hurt. Not enough. So-
My voice was completely gone after the show because I spent the entire thing screaming as loud as I possibly could. But Katelynn and I still made sure to meet Pink Shirt Guy out in the lobby, where he was chugging another beer. We told him how awesome he was, and he agreed.
*coconut water is rich in electrolytes like potassium
t's Over
I shuddered but obediently took up my job, scanning the far side of the shore where we were headed. The tree branches were mostly devoid of leaves by now and they waved at me threateningly. A squirrel jumped from a bush right as my sight passed over it and I nearly dropped the glasses. Emily got us to the bank with all haste and immediately stood up. She shoved one oar down into the silty ground, steadying the boat as much as possible. Meg grabbed the other oar and scraped away at the muddy tarp. Inch by tantalizing inch, the red bag grew more visible. I paused from my terrified searching of the shoreline to watch her efforts.
One final thought about Goal #2 ~ PICTURE BOOKS. I write in three areas: young adult, middle grade, and picture books. For me, writing picture books is just natural. I have four children and for years have created stories off the cuff to get them to sleep or to keep them quiet in the car. It never occured to me that I should actually write them down until I participated in Tara Lazar's PiBoIdMo 2010. It was fantastic and totally revved me up to write PBs.
trans by may-brit akerholt
For me, the fall makes my body, soul and mind all yearn at once for a new way to understand myself in relation to the world; I want to do familiar things in unfamiliar places; I want to see familiar objects from unfamiliar perspectives; I want to overwhelm myself and make sense of it at a later time.
Monday I woke up and was feeling pretty good, and my computer science teacher sympathized with me because he said he’s had a migraine before and that I could just take the test Wednesday (today). But during my last class of the day at 11 I started having problems seeing again. It was a little different though – you know when you look at the sun and it kind of burns a big spot into your eye for a while? It was like that when I looked at my professor, only I hadn’t been recently looking at the sun. It didn’t last as long as Friday, but then my headache came back and it was angry. I was supposed to go get help with a computer science project that was due today but instead I went to sleep for about 3 hours. I felt better when I got up though.
be a small baby.
PRESSING INFO: 9000 pressed. Gate fold style CD case.
Life wouldn’t be over, by any means, if I were in a wheelchair. But the fact is that I don’t need one. Not yet, anyway. And there can be no doubt that I strive to find as many ways as possible to celebrate this life, my life, right where I am, the way I am–however able or disabled or differently-abled I may be on any given day. That’s what I choose: what I think, what I believe. That’s what I can control.
I wont deny that at the moment I am my own biggest adversary. 'Darn you Sandra Murphy', I say with shaking fist! I have to be a bit more patient, but hey, that word has a double meaning. Writing can be a sickness sometimes that makes us grumpy as hell and prone to indulge on available and sometimes wonderful, modes of escapism. I guess the real part has to be a bit of dedication and acceptance that time management is essential for progress. A book, in concept alone, can be anything, but it amounts to nothing until you get yourself in gear.
What approval from the football authorities has been asked for? Do the SFA and SPL consider they have duties to consult their members, or id the Chief Executive of each company happy to use executive powers to reassure the bidders?
So there you have it. Stereo sound in every room, gotta love it! We can switch each room on/off through the switchbox in the closet, and listen to music from virtually any source (radio, itunes, TV music channels, pandora internet radio). These speakers will get some good use.
...and to be fed.
There is another thing that I have noticed about good investors: Most of them do not invest in stocks or financial instruments about which they do not possess a good understanding.
- Timeline (When is it due?)
That something was written that he didn’t know.
But then just an hour later I got a call from my dad. He said "Now, I don't want you to worry." So immediately I worried. My mom was brought to the hospital yesterday afternoon by a colleague. She was having trouble standing up straight, and then had trouble breathing. They did an MRI and an EKG and there was nothing that they could find. She, like me, gets migraines, and they think that what happened was linked to what causes her migraines. The feeling she had, loss of control, caused her to have a panic attack they think, which caused the inability to breathe. She is home and is fine, but it was a scary call to receive. I am so thankful that she works with people who really care about her and were there when she needed them. And this incident put life into perspective for me and my feelings of disappointment earlier in the day seemes insignificant and unimportant. I am just so happy my mom is OK. She had planned to come to Wine & Design, and we moved here to be closer to my parents. My mom is my best friend... we talk or email almost every day. And that quick flash of a moment where the "What if?" was hanging over my head scared me. I can't imagine not being able to email her or call her when I want to, or just drop by her office with the kids for a surprise visit.
But for him it was not an important failure; the sun shone
The Chicago Latino Film Festival offers film aficionados a comprehensive, inclusive overview at the current state of filmmaking in Latin America, Spain, Portugal and even the United States. It showcases different styles, approaches and languages, embracing both box-office successes in those countries and more daringly experimental work. And regardless of Time Out Chicago’s recent snub (“It’s a bit of crapshoot, as most of the selections are from filmmakers without international reps”), the 28th Chicago Latino Film Festival this year featured the work of such festival circuit darlings as Argentina’s Eliseo Subiela (whose work has been shown in the past at both the Chicago Latino Film Festival AND the Chicago International Film Festival), Mexico’s María Novaro and Spain’s Ventura Pons (the subject this year of a conference at the University of Colorado-Denver and the only filmmaker whose films have been chosen to compete five years in a row at the Berlinale) and Montxo Armendariz alongside the work of first-time filmmakers.
Confused? That’s the con-trolls doing their job, keeping the con fused to our minds like a malignant growth.
Here’s a little theory why this is the case and we’ve not witnessed the birth or extension of any great advertising campaigns in recent times.
Despite widespread, vocal opposition, Obamacare was forced upon an unwilling America and now we are learning it will increase costs and deny care, just as we knew it would.
I'm a little late posting this but I wanted to share a feature that was done on me on the awesome Second City Style fashion website: Second City Style.
And that would be your next big mistake.
Enter Mark Twain
just wondering
I don’t really know what else to put in this little ditty right now. While it doesn’t seem complete, I’m not yet sure what else to do with it. It’s really meant as a handy extra to do calculations and provide numbers for others scripts, similar to a user-agent sniffer, but for widths, heights, aspect ratios and such.
fry the onion and garlic in oil until softened (you could chop a carrot very small for this too if you wanted). Add the can of tomatoes and a little water if it seems thick. Add herbs and salt and pepper to taste and simmer over medium low heat for 20 minutes.
1. The new Manager with the toughest job will be Matheny in St. Louis. Cardinals GM John Mozeliak chose a rookie manager who will need to do a lot of learning on the job. When you look at the Cardinals roster, you see experienced guys like Holliday, Berkman, Carpenter, and the returning Wainwright. That is of course, assuming that King Albert does not reurn, but if he does, you obviously throw him into the mix of experienced winners.
Corporation of Nottingham c.1930
The Things I Know this week are-
Recon Scoring
I thought women were meant to be smarter than men!
How do these ladies not have 1,000 followers each?!
Oh, I had a lovely Christmas. My house was beautifully decorated. I entertained and was entertained. My family lit the Advent candle and sporadically (not good, I know) read from the Gospel of Luke. I acted the part... much like I feel I have been doing for the past few months. It's easy. But I'm just tired now.
“That will give you a vantage to see the area?”
But just as contrarians risk becoming too contrary, moving from “actually, death has a few side benefits” to “DEATH IS GREAT!”, meta-contrarians are at risk of becoming too meta-contrary.
Many people today are intrigued or engaging in the whole issue of Sexual Identity. Adults and adolescents of today are wondering if they are heterosexual, homosexual or bisexual. I am here to tell you that the Bible does not condone fornication, or sex with the same gender. It is not a healthy lifestyle to engage in. Sexual feelings often float freely, especially when you are young, and going through puberty.
Do not get overly enthusiastic using the appealing look regarding cars as you may skip to think about their features for important. Purchasing proper product can make you more happy as well as satisfied. Explore the various styles before buying.
300And faith, our early immortality!
It's the kind of feeling I get when I think of ads for Atora suet, my grandma's living room, overcast autumn days in the 1970s. afternoon ITV from the same period, the song from the Gales honey ad that I haven't been able to find anywhere (think about the flowers, think about the trees, it goes) and One Man And His Dog.
But the paper said it remained unclear whether Boko Haram, which has been responsible for a series of suicide attacks and bombings in the last year, is in touch with al-Qaeda or one of its affiliates, Al Qaeda in the Maghreb.
“Obviously you didn’t read the Sedition Act carefully. Oh, wait. Did you know that it even exist, Mr New Nation editor? The only silliness you’ve pointed out is your own ignorance.” – Jay
State: Sitting on an awesome patio at Cedar Creek. Perfect weather.
“I think we need to be prepared for all options. It is most likely that Hezbollah will join in and will strike Israel. Then Syria could be part of it, Gaza could be part of it. We need to be prepared for a multi-front conflict if we go to Iran,” he said.
Is it Friday already ?? My time is flying by lately with all the business that the warm weather of spring brings.
(1) Make the occupied territories part of Israel;
Guinsoo: Yeah, thanks man.
Moms can shush their children or soothe them. Sometimes the consequences of shushing are simply not worth it.....
446110 Pharmacies & drug stores
A note of positivity: “Wait til six o’clock tonight,” says a girl. “We’ll show them then.” There’s gonna be a protest. I suggest maybe tomorrow at six, so there’s more time to build for it. Then a man in a camouflage jacket says: “We’ll have another one at six tomorrow so.” It takes me back four or five months. The Occupy attitude, provoking equal parts admiration and frustration.
Local community members arrived with placards reading "Hey boere stop killing our farm workers and stop raping our black women"; "Boerevolk is in heaven"; "Land for whites is a dream that should not happen"; and "The ANC is not responsible for Terre'Blanche's death".
For those in Brussels have decreed
Anyway, that was my Topical Tuesday blog which I wrote because I absolutely hated the one I wrote last Sunday and have now deleted it. I don't normally do that but it was awful and not the return to blogging I wanted it to be. I might reuse the title I gave it though, there was some nice alliteration going on in there.
And greet the man of means who sired them;
2. Click "Request Custom Item" in the toolbar on the right hand side of the page.
1995, Oasis scored their first UK No.1 single when ‘Some Might Say’ went to the top of the UK charts.
Round 1: Magic Ring, 8 sc. Pull tight to close. Join with sl st to first sc.
But sometimes, I’m not so sure.
How will this little squeezable bottle of mustard help you get through a breakup, you might ask? Let me explain:
When dealing with no scientific ends, the point of communication is often not so much to relay a detailed description (such that it can be recreated exactly), but to invoke a particular emotion, feeling, or response from the receiver. The more descriptive the message, the more likely the receiver will generate the correct response.
Prizes? Yes! One participant will win a prize pack including books, ARCs and swag.
When Mom + trimmer came by on an unseasonably warm Monday in early March (the 8th, to be exact,) there was already some new growth, so – note to self – earlier would have been even better.
But it's not enough.
This is a serious issue. One of the most harmful, insidious forces in contemporary business, politics, and education is bullshit.
Monday night was just so awful and I really hit rock bottom but I survived it and did not allow the little devil on my shoulder to kick in and make me kill myself. It is difficult. Mum allowed me to use the iron to iron some clothes again yesterday something, which I have not done since I burnt myself with an iron weeks ago. The scar is still there on my tummy like an omen and the iron did start very naughtily talking to me and telling me to ‘burn myself’ but I simply ignored its advances and told myself the voice was not real and that burning myself would not solve anything. So I successfully beat one of my many demons. Will I manage to all the time? Will you manage to beat any demons you may have? Who knows? But if you want to find out how I cope with mine, then please follow my blog. Maybe you can relate to me. Let me know if you can, I would like to know how other people cope so very much.
Or emailing.
He confronts Se Na again. Evil Future Sister-In-Law, how did Park Ha get the ticket with her name on it? If you say the envelopes were switched, how come the one Park Ha has has a stain left from the ink of the stamp that had been placed on the document?
Huge tracts of Sarawak’s rain forests have been depleted through uncontrolled logging so much so a huge ‘hole’ can be seen from aerial shots taken of the state.
Now, it should be no surprise that games are expensive. Despite our nostalgia, they were pretty pricey back in the day as well. And it seems like a strange thing to sympathize with since all the machines to run these games are a couple hundred dollars in and of themselves. I read an intesting article on Game Theory (which really confused the hell out of me, since it shares the same title as a game-mythbusters-type-series found on Screwattack that I like), about how games are actually cheap and could have the priced raised based on dollar per hour value (http://gametheoryonline.com/2010/07/28/video-game-prices-high-low-gamestop-retail/, and image below). I understand what he is saying from a business or statistics perspective, but you can say the same thing about how gasoline, by dollar per liter (or gallon), is the cheapest of the liquids we buy; and you would be just as hard pressed to justify the thought that that price should go up too.
I don’t mean to sound cynical, or pretentious. Honestly. I’m just calling it how I see it.
1. How many amendments does the Constitution have?
If you don't like the crunchy feeling that you get from hanging up towels and jeans, dry them 3/4 of the time on the line, and finish the load in the dryer.
Kristiana
the US government instead assigned May 1 such comical/Orwellian names as 'Americanization Day,' 'Loyalty Day,' and 'Law Day.' In any case, if you've got the day off or are working an 8-hour day (rather than a 14-hour day, or at least getting overtime pay), you've got unions, socialists, and anarchists of past generations to thank for it.
Today I would like to talk more about the multiple dimensions of reality, the multiple dimensions of our own being. The word reality is commonly used to refer to that which is solid and tangible. But the physical world is only one aspect of reality, one possible frequency in an infinite spectrum of vibration.
My website will soon be undergoing some drastic changes, as none of my digital
Itchy
Bill’s reluctance to be a “team player” makes John tense, and the tension shows. He tries to assert himself by cornering Bill, and telling him he is just being too analytical. While there may be some truth to that, Bill will see it as an attack. Bill is analytical, but for John to call him that in such a manner generates no more benefit than if he’d just called him “Obstinate”. Unless the conflict between John’s need for applause, and Bill’s need to not be wrong can be resolved, the project could be in trouble. Because of failing to make it work, John and Bill could be in trouble, too.
Or, another view could be,…“UP OUT OF THE NASTY, COLD, DARK PLACE WHERE YOU ARE NOW!!!”
Reminder: You can now subscribe to ipl2’s newsletter and weekly blog posts via email as well as RSS. The “Email Subscription” feature appears prominently in the upper left-hand side of the page on the ipl2’s News and Information WordPress blog. Subscription is free and open to all!
Have you tried any Nyx products? What do you think?
~You don't have to use SNS digi images to play along but we sure do love when you do!
Mmmmm, walnut oil in a pretty tin.
18. August 2009
Holder’s Department of Justice has provided only about 7,000 pages worth of the more than 70,000 pages of documents Issa has subpoenaed related to Operation Fast and Furious.
This adherence to the ideology of incentives certainly goes beyond areas normally conceived as ‘economic’. For instance, Justice Secretary Ken Clarke’s proposed prison reforms under which jail time for certain offences could have been halved were ditched partly on the basis that this would encourage more crime. But prison doesn’t work, mainly because the function of (punitive) incentives isn’t as black and white as that. When reconviction rates still top 70% in some prisons, something has to change in terms of priorities.
When Danielle first returned home from her initial diagnosis, did she crawl into bed and blame the world for what was happening to her? No, that is not Danielle's style...she decided to do something for someone else.
“G-”
This morning I got to be the reveille rooster for engineering. I found a new video. Another grown man is calling BS on stuff. I give him bonus points for the stogie. I love that we are free to express our opinions, regardless of their popularity. A rare gentleman indeed. You won’t be disappointed.
He found the deathly silence of the Morgue calming. The odor of the dead was the most erotic thing for him.It fascinated him
As I prepared to leave Moncton, I gave back the keys I’d held to my friend’s homes, knowing it wasn’t really necessary for me to hold them anymore. But one friend wouldn’t take her key back.
Anything that caused us the pain that we now feel.
-Flat Bread w/goat cheese + cranberries + almonds
Angie sent a message to Michael’s father asking him to pick Michael up at her house –since the doctor told her not to be out in the frigid air. She also asked if Michael could sleep in this morning since he’s sick. He finally responded ½ hour later, barely giving her time to get to his house – ‘Deliver Michael to his house by 8 a.m.’ Unbelievable! Then as she pulled out of the drive…there he was in the driveway! He had sent a message later…that arrived as she was pulling out of the driveway…that he would be there in a minute! Even more unbelievable! And it’s now been 4 months since he paid child support! They go back to court on the 24th! Please God….
TOY STORY (Robert Gordon, Lee Unkrich)
Heat butter and oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Fry the parboiled potatoes for about 8-12 minutes or until lightly brown. Remove from pan and set aside. Turn down heat, add onions and pepper and saute until just soft. Add spices and saute for 2 minutes, then add lemon juice and water and simmer for a few minutes more. Add spinach and cook, stirring frequently, until the spinach is fully wilted. Add potatoes to the skillet and mix well. Serve hot.
5) Self-Actualization Need (Full Development of own potential, Possibility to express oneself)
If the government would cut social benefits, the English, would react violently.
Today is my birthday. 29 years of fun. Its been a really great day, starting off with breakfast with my husband, lunch with a great friend, and even a surprise mini celebration from my first graders! It was great! I even made some AMAZING 'made from scratch' cupcakes with amazing 'made from scratch' frosting. BEST. CUPCAKES. EVER.
After I got my flying licence and my wind rider, I had a lot of fun just flying all over the place. I loved nothing more than waking up in the morning, hopping on the wind rider, picking a direction and just exploring. I think it looks cute when my little wind rider cub pet follows us. I explored the whole Hellfire Peninsula area – every nook and cranny (well, not the Alliance areas though. They were mean and shot arrows at me, if I got too close. Bullies…). Anyway, you might have guessed, from previous posts, that I’m not a huge fan of the deserty type areas. And that’s really all Hellfire Peninsula is. So I did a little bit of exploring about and found a place called Zangarmarsh.
Fact is: all this green is very much needed. More so: the green can make it perfectly without us, but it just won’t work the other way. Some people seem to be more aware of that than others.
Paul’s gospel did not come by a man or an angel but by a revelation from Jesus.
Quite pale, with a sort of delicate pear juice hue.
“I will be coral in the Great Barrier Reef, nestled in the Coral Sea.”
The three above may be my favourites from this jaunt, but I’m still not happy with the colouring in a lot of these final images, although using Levels in PS6 seemed to work well with some in getting everything down into more realistic shades. I think there actually may be an argument for saying that although they look oversaturated, it’s not an inaccurate representation of how the colours looked on the day, given the aforementioned lighting and kits. The skin tones and the whites are correct to my eye, so perhaps we shouldn’t try and change the reds and greens. As always with photography, it’s very subjective.
I was very lucky at Christmas and got lots of crafty goodies, including these Darkroom Door stamps, which I have wanted for a while, and there are some great sentiments in the tin (the tin is also fab). I was stamping up some of the images the other night and thought they looked good as a background, and better still on pink cardstock with brown ink than black/white, So .....I stamped again with brown ink on a slightly paler pink card for the main image and sentiment, both matted onto brown cardstock and then attached with 3Dfoam.
Are there any items you would be able to do without? Those little niceties that you think you ‘need’ to buy but can in fact either make at home, buy second hand, or not buy at all? Not only would they declutter your life, they would leave more cash in your purse.
Tajanee White a.k.a. Suga Plum
These three wonderful items are my favorite treasures I came home with.
As I drove slowly to school to collect Jack, I thanked my daughters for behaving themselves so nicely and being the best little nurses a Mummy could ask for. "Well, Mummy, you look after me when I'm sick, so I'll look after you when you're sick," explained Phoebe, which made tears well in my red eyes and fall down my white-and-grey face. As soon as Christian arrived home last night, I crawled under several blankets and slept my way back to functionality. I must say, even though I am much better today, I am still extremely fatigued and achey - it's a horrible virus!! Must be completely better by tomorrow. I've got too much to do!
Disclosure: Bond No 9 lab bottles were provided by the company
.jody is my bloody love
The trivia section that concerns the village and the related quest to it says this:
Promoters of giant wind turbines, and for that matter of centralized power generation schemes of all kinds, tend to talk quite a bit about economies of scale. In an expanding economy with a stable or growing resource base, that sort of talk often makes sense, though the extent to which those economies of scale are a product of direct and indirect government subsidies to transportation, financing, and large businesses generally is not something economists like to talk about. Still, in a world facing economic contraction, resource depletion, and a loss of complexity potentially capable of rendering a great deal of today’s infrastructure useless or worse, the balance swings the other way. In the face of a future where small, cheap, localized approaches that are sparing in their use of resources, relying on massive, expensive, centralized, resource-intensive power plants of any kind is not an economy but a profligacy of scale, and one that we very probably will not be able to afford for much longer.
8. The best way to attract real friends is to be real.
CRESTVIEW — The grand jury that indicted Maj. Joseph Floyd also recommended that Police Chief Brian Mitchell be fired and disciplined.
Most men don’t want to reach for the good ones because they are afraid of falling and getting hurt. Instead, they sometimes take the apples from the ground that aren’t as good, but they are easy to get.
Had everything a man could want right there with them, down to the kitchens and the food.
He saw people were starving all over the place
Yep, it's all dahlias and mint around the house this week.
Nerdy apparel is nothing new, but if you’re an awesome nerd like me, you’ve come to the realization that Target’s and Kohl’s selection of graphic tees is just a bit too limited. Sure they might have a shirt with Mario or Spider-man on it, but the image just doesn’t hit that certain sweet spot that makes you smile. That perfect mix of cool, clever, and cute.
“It’s like that herd instinct you were telling me about one time. We’re due for each other.”
Though less overtly Thrashy than ‘Power Of The Damager’, this album sounds like Tommy Victor doing what he likes best without paying too much attention to what crowd he should please most with the material. The result is something that should appeal to both the Hardcore and Metal crowds of Prong. Also, the more melodic side of Prong is displayed passionately here, though with enough balls to not scare the crap out of longtime listeners.
A trophy, to be presented by the Business and Enterprise Minister.
In September (roughly), we also switched churches. There were a lot of things going on at the one we had been attending and instead of taking a chance that we would get upset and say something out of anger, we left. We started attending Crossroads Baptist Church in Girard, KS and I have to say - wow! Talk about a man on fire for God! We absolutely love it there! The people are so friendly and we have already learned so much in the short time we've been there. We're so thankful God allowed us to find this church. In fact, Adam's parents have even started going there and really like it, too.
Benway introduces each chapter with a journal entry as he counts down the days until he'll be free to go Far Far Away from the family to enjoy peace and quiet. He's examining cottages, planning a garden, searching for a replacement and getting ready for his tell-all book about the (which will finance said retirement) to debut. Only, life is never quiet at the Bellweather Lighthouse and chaotic adventures that SOMEONE must clean up after riot around his ears. Only when the children begin to realize that perhaps their much overworked but beloved butler might leave do they consider a change--only with the Bellweather children, change is never what one would consider quiet and normal.
The brakes, the gas mileage,
Yours is the Earth and everything that’s in it,
Some critics of the marriage plan, such as writer Ayisha Osori, argue that its great flaw is in giving false hope of success in marriage to women when society’s views of wives remain problematic.
“You mustn’t touch things like bird shit, pigeon shit,” my friend said, “because they have all those illnesses that are very bad for you and kill you.”
A person in church seemed to think because I was married I didn't need to worry about money and a satisfying job, at least that was the impression I went away with Grrr! I believe that God created me as a person with gifts and part of my responsibility is not to bury those gifts (or hide behind my husband) but rather that I need to fan those gifts to live to my fullest potential! Yes, I agree that we do not hold in highest regard the almighty dollar but there is no doubt that it is difficult (or almost impossible at times) not to equate our worth with our pay check. Thankfully I do not have live on my pay check or I would be homeless!
Can't get enough of this hand writing!!!! I wouldn't print entire books like that but a poster or a zine... Absolutely loving it!!
There are obvious ways I don’t want to use waiting. I don’t want to use it as an excuse not to do anything. I don’t want to let it disable me with anxiety or distraction or disorienting hope. I don’t want to let it turn me into a complainer or a whiner or to see myself as a heroic victim.
In fact, yours truly is an accidental tech week participant. She began in a very round-about way by volunteering to READ with third-graders in Merrick's Montessori classroom. See Merrick, above, as definition of Absolute Perfection.
You fringe dwellers might find this useful.
“Hit somebody!”
The price has, of late, multiplied nearly four-fold on short supply as the last crop in India was less than half the normal output estimated at 2,500 tonnes. Indian demand is estimated at between 13,000 and 15,000 tonnes, said market sources.
La Grande Mademoiselle tells that the child could be of the black page Nabo, of whom the Queen was very fond. The adultery thesis is not considered likely, as the Queen was a very pious woman, and there is no knowledge of even the slightest mistake of hers. It would be very difficult in Versailles to have a liaison and even to give birth in secret. Every Royal birth happened in public, in the Queen's bedchambers, with all courtiers present as witnesses. The little princess Marie-Anne was born (16 November 1664) with a dark skin caused by cyanosis, and died shortly after birth (26 December 1664). Some say that the baby remained black, and had been changed with a dead girl, to avoid scandal. According to Madame, wife of Louis XIV's brother, her husband said that the child was not black at all but very ugly. In any case, although the story about the black daughter of Maria Theresa is unconfirmed, it was still persistent and believed by many.
or so I've heard.
With her letter she attached an article regarding The Atonement and how it helped someone survive their divorce. I cried as I read it, because somehow in the midst of all these months, I had forgotten I didn’t have to deal with this alone.
I got the shade 10 Beige, which is the lightest of their warm tones. It’s a bit ticker, but that doesn’t really bother me… what it does bother me is that it is super yellow! I have to be careful with it, to prevent that by applying to much or something… I don’t really know… I’ve only used it three times, maybe I need more time with it to give my opinion.
2. Eugene City is actually Rogue, which bought the brewery in 2004, and was formerly West Brothers, but was not actually formerly the brewery established in 1866, as the label claims.
I took pictures of one of my bestie and her hubs and their daughter too, my Maggie Loo-Who, today. We had a great time, despite the overcast, dreary morning. We got some great shots! I'll show you those soon :)
Kicking heels
its cool you had to go
I've switched to the new blogger format and have not been able to find the place to disable word verification. It is not on the comments settings page. That would be the logical place, one would think, but obviously someone at google did not think the same.
Darkness Before Dawn by J.A. London
Recommended for those who wish weekly shows like Glee had a little more in common with the original Fame film; bonus for JYP fans (his role is hilarious and played to a “T”.
template by Nicole Seitler and Sugarplum Paperie,
In it, Weizman—an Israeli architect and prominent critic of that nation's territorial policy—documents many of the emerging spatial techniques used by the Israeli Defense Forces in their high-tech, legally dubious 2002 invasion of Nablus. During that battle, Weizman writes, "soldiers moved within the city across hundred-meter-long 'overground-tunnels' carved through a dense and contiguous urban fabric." Their movements were thus almost entirely camouflaged, with troop movements hidden from above by virtue of always remaining inside buildings. "Although several thousand soldiers and several hundred Palestinian guerrilla fighters were maneuvering simultaneously in the city," Weizman adds, "they were so 'saturated' within its fabric that very few would have been visible from an aerial perspective at any given moment."
Perhaps the biggest difference that seperates the brain of a human and the processor of a computerized automaton or robot is conscience. We humans compute everything on pain, pleasure, and emotion. We try to be civil and we try to be logical but we all know that there is more to humanity than logic. There's a spiritual side to being human.
Seventy years ago today, four months after the attack on US military bases at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, the United States responded with an attack on Japan, by launching land-based medium bombers off a US Navy aircraft carrier, the USS Hornet.
A Dangerous Method won’t be joining the ranks of David Cronenberg’s best achievements, or any other top lists for that matter. Let’s hope that his next piece, an adaptation of the marvellous Don DeLillo’s work, Cosmopolis brings him out of this one movie slump.
As in (I), a few million whites move to a region. But in this scenario, without using or threatening to use WMD, they declare independence. “Obama” orders state National Guard units in the region to mobilize and put down the rebellion, but they mutiny. He declares a state of emergency, and mobilizes the Army, and orders it to attack and “restore order,” but it, too, mutinies.
Exercise and diet are successful moves to cut fat, so acquiring the weight balanced. Benefits, other than unsightly body, the disease was lazy perch.
Simmons (12-02-2001) - Includes producer Arthur Baker talking about making "Planet Rock".
Last week Cardinal Keith O'Brien, the head of the Scottish Catholic Church, condemned the British marriage proposals as "madness", and accused the coalition government of trying to "redefine reality".
1st Hospitalization Unit
It's Siv,
In the run-up to Kari Berit’s May 8 lecture at the MJCC, “The Unexpected Caregiver: How to Keep Mom and Dad Active, Safe, and Independent” (details), we’ll bring you a series of five articles by Kari about caregiving.
“And so there’s a paucity of publications that are really first class that are reaching an audience more and more hungry for information.” But, he added, that audience wasn’t always appreciated.
SHANGHAI – Two people were killed and another two missing when their yacht hit the cable of a cargo ship in East China’s Jiangsu province on Wednesday, local maritime officials said.
1 Tbsp red sugar and some more for garnish (optional)
The first full month of Spring appears much like a transfer student appears at the start of a new term ready for name callings and trickery.
When we married, and started talking about children, Jacob was at the top of our pick of names. Shortly before Lincoln arrived, we knew he wasn't Jacob. We knew he was Lincoln Daniel. Abraham Lincoln and Uncle Dan are two men that he can learn from, and follow in their footsteps. They are men who have a deeply rooted belief in a Supreme Being. By following the examples they have set, he will have the ability to make the right choices; even if he is doing it alone. By learning from them, he will become a righteous young man who loves the Lord. When we found out about Henry, we talked about the name Jacob again. It was still the top of our list (and the rest of America's list too!!!), but we knew he wasn't Jacob. We knew he was Henry Louis. By being named after incredible men who love the Lord, we know that if he becomes even half as wonderful as his Papa, and Henry B Eyring he will become a righteous young man who loves the Lord.
Were your surprised reading the name of the recipe??? DH was very much so.
the ones who helped raise me through elementary to college. thank you for always feeding me, loving me, listening to me, and raising daughters who are amazing women and friends to me. you were very often my ideal when i thought of what a mother should be.
The computer can tell you that those are strings with x characters.
Haunting Baker Street
Despite rumors and speculation that one or more of the candidates excluded from Egypt's election campaign over the weekend would be reinstated on appeal, the Elections Committee has reaffirmed the ban on all ten, including the "big three" of Khairat al-Shater Hazem Abu Isma‘il, and ‘Omar Suleiman.
- Bloomington Chamber Singers: $855.87 for its annual Messiah concert.
People who use the C word aren't necessarily bad people, they're just deviants.
What a lovely world we live in!
Why don’t you eat the Cabal, eh, laddies? Plenty of lizard meat to quell your insatiable hunger.
Getting wiggly! Not just content to be sat somewhere. He tries to hold his head up after you set him down and wiggles a lot. (see video from the last post)
What would you do with this tool in your classroom? You can make any assumptions you like about the context it is used in. Post your ideas in the comments below. All ideas are welcome (there are no wrong answers!)
Just made tea and toasted orange-cranberry bread in this lovely kitchen. It's so wonderful to stay somewhere new, clean and uncluttered, as opposed to old, ehhh and cluttered. There's even a teeny dishwasher!
Google will ask whether this is an ecommerce website or not.
I was really trying to adjust and kind of prepared my heart since I’m so used and so in love with Lee Min ho’s pairing with Ku Hye Sun. There are certain scenes that I was completely taken aback and totally surprised especially with the GAME OVER KISS. That’s really one hot, truly unexpected kiss scene that caught me unprepared enough and blew me off!! My Gu Junpyo – Geum Jandi heart shattered. But knowing Lee Min ho, he eventually proved that being Jin ho in Personal Taste is “just a job” that he really wants to put his very best effort to and showcase his talent as an actor. With that, my heart became WHOLE again.
The wedding dress is probably the most important "outfit" you'll ever buy and possibly the most expensive, so why only wear it for a few hours?
just begun
of no longer being a stranger
When the Brooklyn Paramount opened it was at an historic juncture, as the twilight of vaudeville turned into the dawn of mass media culture. These trailblazing stars rose to the occasion at this landmark in the heart of Brooklyn’s old theater district where for the price of a quarter, Depression-ravaged audiences could find fleeting sanctuary from the turbulent times and enjoy the frivolity and majesty within its hallowed walls.
Becoming knowledgeable about the mind will help you to improve your stability and certainty in life. Learning the fundamentals mechanics of the mind will give you a complete understanding of the fears, nightmares, upsets and other difficulties.
Claim construction
Friends, gourmands, gore-meisters, lend me your ears... and your arms, legs, feet, hands, organs and all the rest of your body parts too, because we're going to discuss a film that many of you have heard of, many more have probably seen and still others discuss as one of the most important developments in modern-day gore movies.
The Spratlys disputes have long been feared as Asia’s next potential flashpoint for armed conflict.
- Comfortable leather handles
Based on spending £5.00 per lamp in the house and £15.00 for the outside light the cost would be £55.00 for lamps. Electricity saved per year £68.98. This would give a net saving of £14.00 in year 1 and £69.00 each year after. That’s almost £275.00 saved after 5 years.
Food deserts are impoverished rural and urban areas that do not have easy, close access to supermarkets, and achieving Mrs. Obama's goal will of necessity create a sweeping transformation in the national food supply chain that will alter the food shopping habits--and theoretically drop the obesity rate--of what the White House says are the 23.5 million Americans who currently live in food deserts (this number includes 6.5 million children). As she made her pledge--the first of its kind from any White House--the First Lady admitted that it was "ambitious."
Supermodel Neighbor invited Seattle Mom and I to come see all the work he's done on his house. Twice the visit has been planned and twice it's been postponed by Supermodel Neighbor, quite possibly because he's found out about the blog and is terrified of me. I'll fix it, though. I'm going to hang around outside his house, possibly dangling from the eaves and staring into the windows. When he sees me, I'm going to say, "I'm not going to be ignored, Supermodel Neighbor." That should show him I'm harmless. Then we'll have tea.
The first being ,which episode to choose! Say Knife, Fat Man? Survival Code? hmm... Intonation and transcription present a problem also and if any music is covering up words too. Fortunately, there isn't a lot of music used in DOOMWATCH and if there are any words not covered across the series, the only way to fix it would be to read in the affected words or possibly replace the actor altogether.
up. He lets out a noxious fart right in the direction of
Do you feel that you can’t discuss with your partner what is bothering you?
Sam Clayton - congas, vocals
So why was I willing to get on the scale at the hospital but not in my own home? The hospital is a public place where I would have to be accountable for my response to the results, whereas here at home I could respond by pigging out due to my depression and never have to let anyone know about it. At the hospital I would have more time to process the results and form a calculated response versus a hasty relapse into my comfort food.
Frozen ripe banana
Craig David – has-been singer given to wearing hats and shades.
/ story.
My story “Fly”, published in Elements of the Soul, struck a different kind of emotion in readers. Some say it was very sad, others say it was hopeful. But the judges said I won because I made them feel.
Here's a cocktail that is both beautiful and intoxicating, so be careful - they are so nice looking and festive, that you might forget to sip!
I stamped on the inside of the card a little saying...
But being a sports fan has helped shape many parts of my life. Whether it has been the roller coaster of Hoosier Basketball the past four years, the roller coaster of Pacers seasons dating back to the unforgettable Reggie Miller days, or the anticipation for Andrew Luck’s joining of the Colts, these opportunities to show my pride are second to none. So to those of you who have a favorite team, or a hometown team, playing in whatever sport it may be…do yourself a favor and just believe they can win. Don’t try to get all factorial about a team for once and just join in on the cheers and chants and hope and pray for the best. It is worth it, I promise! (Take the all too, not quit yet overused, example of the unranked Hoosiers beating the No. 1 Kentucky Wildcats this season. Even if we lost to them in the Sweet 16 (then went on an won the whole tourney) it was still a moment of ecstasy I won’t soon forget.)
If you can’t believe in the you who believes in yourself, then believe in the me who believes in you. I know what I’m talking about here, and I know you can do this. I’m not just speaking in general terms here. I know you can do this, because it’s a skill I had to learn, too. If you think I wriggled out of my mother’s cesarean incision with these skills, you’re wrong. If you think I don’t still have work left to do, you’re wrong. Odds are that we are not so different that you cannot do what I did, and am still learning to do.
Artillery
“Windspren,” Kaladin said. “Chasing after the storm. Are you certain you don’t want to go with them?”
Bet you can't wait for this one, can you? :)
small flashwand out of his satchel, flips it on and begins to
Breaking from my self-imposed hiatus, I have written the below piece on the Japanese crisis. The content has little to do with technology as it has not been written with that purpose in mind. The below paragraphs, sentences and words are my attempt to digest the effects of the earthquakes and tsunamis that hit Japan between the 11th and 12th of March 2011. I deliberately omitted images and videos from this post in order to avoid sensationalising the content.
Prices for Monet's paintings dated after 1905 are also expected to benefit from the high-profile show that opened this month at the Gagosian Gallery. Last spring, around 100,000 people visited the gallery's show of late Picassos, and dealers have subsequently credited the show with increasing demand for Picasso's later works.
I've masked together two magnolia stamps. This Tilda is one of my absolute favorite christmas stamps :)
The dark nights are closing in, the winter chill is in the air so what does ones mind wander to? Planning my make up for the festive period of course. Previous you may think but nay nay in a beauty bloggers mind this is quite acceptable and even rational (especially considering secretly I have been gazing into the future imagining what delights I shall be going all gooey over in prep for SS11)
and I think, as always, it’s for the best.
Anyway... here ya go. Let me know if you try it and how it works for you.
Sometimes they’re a hard lesson learned. A slap on the wrist, a devastating mistake, a road we wished we hadn’t taken. We hopefully learn the lesson with such a steep price. If you’re mindful and keep your wits about you, you may only need to look at others’ regretful choices and their consequences to learn the lesson for yourself. The vast majority of people though, feel the need to earn that scar themselves before heeding the wisdom of the situation.
Think about the people you know that seem to know everyone in your community or your industry. The people that draw you in and have that way of making you take note of the things they are saying. The folks who get things done no matter how impossible the task may seem.
The look must be given some forgiveness because it came out in 1958, but it didn’t really work for me either. The fly was basically just a real fly with nail polish on its head, the human fly looked a little like a fly, but was more cute than scary, and the science-y stuff was what you would expect out of a 50’s movie. Their policy was mainly just to get as many flashing lights and multicolored neon tubes, and play some Theremin noises. I don’t know how a reel to reel player would help a teleportation machine, but they had their idea for how it would happen, I guess. But the looks of the two flies got on my nerves, not for the production of them, but for the idea of them. In the remake of the movie, they were combined on a cellular level by the machine. This seems somehow logical. In the original, the fly and the scientist exchange heads and one arm. This would be fine if the movie ended right at this point because the fly with the giant head and arm and the human with a tiny and nearly invisible head and arm would both die immediately, solving the problem. Instead of going that way, the machine decided that the basic shape and design of the head was the important part to duplicate, not so much the size. And with their brains being exchanged as well, it probably wouldn’t have fit in the head of the fly. I never really got behind the idea of the fly’s instincts taking over Andre either, mainly because it only seemed to manifest itself as the fly fucking with the rest of him, like grabbing his arm when he was trying to type. I half expected it to take his arm and start doing the whole “Quit hitting yourself” thing to him.
We believe in one holy catholic and apostolic Church.
Total weight gain/loss: - 4 lbs
I think about the heavens.
4) I gotta give a shout out to my friend Arla! She gave me some really great coupons to Skinny Dip and Chick Fil A. I’m really looking forward to using them. It’s nice to have friends with benefits. Wait, that came out wrong…
“One, two, three…” He edged closer to the edge of the ledge and gripped the butt of the gun tighter.
This Charles Platt piece about Philip K Dick's posthumously published notes reminded me of this fantastic, fascinating Philip K Dick speech which I've probably linked to before, perhaps several times, but that's ok, because I like to reread it every now and then. It is a look at genius touched by madness.
Using cliché/vague phrases: ‘Then a manipulated act sets a chain reaction of grim events into motion,’ could be said about anything; The Wizard of Oz, Titanic, Harry Potter, Winnie the Pooh, Prada & Prejudice, Northanger Abbey, etc. What sets YOUR book apart?
"Let's hope," she said.
Through behoving and unbehoving;
How Heath used Hughie Green’s TV show as propaganda to bolster support for British membership (of Europe).
The shooting suspect is "talking a lot, claiming his jihadist convictions" and calling himself a "mujahedeen," Gueant said.
Meanwhile, Deputy Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk T. Murugiah said the public complaints bureau under his supervision had received 27 complaints against the novel.
you want me to touch your ripples
as of today, i don't think i'm doing enough. as many couples in todays economic world we have tons to worry about and lots on our minds. i want to get back to where i am fully aware of how lucky i am, in spite of our worries, to be married to my best friend.
White Riot
So I said aloud to Vicki, " If indeed that is you sweetheart, I would like to thank you for your beautiful friendship, and for getting me to Tony Stockwell. We are going to have SO much fun there, you can tell me all the answers! Let me know in some way if it is really you I am speaking to."
Hang Up #2.
2010.09.14 Iraq Baghdad 1 0 A woman of 'ill-repute' is hanged in her own home by suspected fundamentalists.
I can’t wait. What a week of remembrance this is!
Maybe this is me being a sucker for the usual biopic, but even though Milan Luthria followed the usual rise and fall storyline. Presenting her life through Abraham's eyes was certainly a fascinating choice that either worked or didn't depending on the viewer. It presented Silk as that mythical figure made from trivia facts and gossip, much like a Marilyn Monroe where we view the star and icon, rather than Norma Jeane. I will gripe that the earlier parts of Reshma's life were a bit rushed, but I do understand that Milan may have wanted to focus on Silk, the brazen and sexy icon. I found the Abraham angle interesting as he completely hated her and the sudden turnaround felt partly natural as he discovered Silk's deeper side.
The war memorial consists of a Portland stone angel surmounting a grey granite stepped pillar. The angel faces east looking over Walker Park and has an outstretched right arm.
Thanks for joining me on this journey!
of me—and then pleasure
didn’t show you the inside of my closet. I have this odd inability to close my drawers so I constantly have clothes bursting out all over the place. I’m also guilty of leaving clothes all over the floors, chairs, tables and the bathroom. Oy now I’m just embarrassed.
Me and Owen have finally got around to sorting out a meeting for tomorrow evening so hopefully We’ll be able to jumpstart our WIP that I am stuttering on. I also get the feeling he’s going to tell me more about the next story set in this universe that he is working on. This meeting is long over due and is very much-needed to address some world building issues that have cropped up. I am also keen to see what Owen thinks of what I’ve done with his original plan with this story.
5nos Curry leaves
7pm
This year, Cameron and I will be by ourselves for Easter and so our plans are fairly simple--we're planning on going to church and then going out for brunch here. (I'm already counting down the minutes until Sunday when I will no doubt be in food coma heaven!) It will definitely be different than last year when we hosted some out of town friends for Easter, but I'm actually looking forward to having a low-key celebration and letting someone else cook and clean up! So even though I won't be baking and crafting this year, I thought I'd share some of my favorite springtime pins for those of you in need of ideas! Enjoy!
Once I was showered and dressed (knocking one of drips out of my hand in process and spilling blood EVERYWHERE), I walked to a chair and had my first go at feeding Amber properly and unassisted since she was born. This combined with the shower and I was a new person. Amazing how the little things like being able to leave your bed and look after your new baby for yourself and make things so much better.
Radon can also be dissolved in ground water and can be introduced into the indoor air through the aeration of well water during its use in washing machines, showers, etc. . .
The point being: yes, women have the freedom of choice now, but we are living in a sexual world unlike anything ever seen before in human history. Women have never been as sexually free as they are now; there is something new under the sun. It has been virtually physically impossible for women through most of human history to live, much less reproduce and raise children, without the protection of men and the sustenance provided by them.
Yes, I had more than a small interest in shooting this deal down but by this time I was near mental collapse and just wanted this torture over and done. Luckily, for me the Carfax report showed over twice the listed mileage the owner stated and a couple of accidents he completely forgot to tell us about, which shot down the deal. Spoilboy had jumped the gun a little and had already arranged a meeting with this person at a halfway point between our respective locations. Upon reading the Carfax report for some reason neither Dragonwife, Spoilboy nor myself remember to call this guy back and cancel the meeting. Ooops, I hope the shit did not wait very long at the Applebees we were supposed to meet.
Note: Check that mother out!! That was number 1….number 2 and 3 did not make an appearance for the camera.
This is a video where she does a Friday night makeover on a friend (while drinking a pint). This is a good video for seeing how to blend multiple colors, as well as smoking up your look for night. Also note the use of the aforementioned Avon Supershock Gel Liner.
We have shared several times in the past days how Jesus is the Good Shepherd who will not let his sheep stray.
Anyway, we found the ideal place. Three steps, then the pool of water below the water feature against a wall. Mostly occupied, but people made room for us. Standing on the second step we could see quite a bit. Could also sit on that step. One row of people behind us on the third step. It was cool and under shade. The perfect spot.
thirteen almost fourteen years old,
(e) identify new research directions on innovation and development.
Do we assume they have children?
"Um, are, um, are you the voice?" she stammered, still shivering from her encounter with the icy black specks.
But there are even more formidable objections to the postulate of a World Ensemble of which Dawkins is apparently unaware. First, there’s no independent evidence that a World Ensemble exists, much less one that is randomly ordered and infinite. Recall that Borde, Guth, and Vilenkin proved that any universe in a state of overall cosmic expansion cannot be infinite in the past. Their theorem applies to the multiverse, too. Therefore, since the multiverse’s past is finite, only a finite number of other worlds may have been generated by now, so there’s no guarantee that a finely-tuned world will have appeared in the ensemble. By contrast we do have independent evidence for the existence of a Cosmic Designer, namely, the other arguments for God’s existence which we have been discussing. Thus, theism is, all else being equal, the better explanation.
Landen Meadows is a neighborhood of single family homes built primarily in the 1990′s. Charlotte NC’s Landen Meadows neighborhood is located in the Ballantyne area of South Charlotte NC between Ardrey Kell Rd and Rea Rd, minutes from the Blakeney shopping center. The Landen Meadows neighborhood features a community pool, playground and tennis courts.
If you haven’t connected with your power animal or totem, then now is the time, during this great shift in consciousness we’re experiencing. Whether it’s through picture form or statue, you need to have the representation of that animal around you.
"One of his earliest fully developed American works is the W. H. Kriser house of 1929 known as Knollwood. Shutze developed this house from his study of Chatham in Stratford County, Virginia (1765). He translated the orginal stucco house into a brick Georgian mass with a one-story portico that spans the curving arrival drive."
Archaeologists working the caves have uncovered a wealth of evidence from the limestone layers that date this location as one of the oldest in South Africa. The Makapan Valley has now been declared a World Heritage Site to protect this important archaeological evidence.
It was then I realized that we were somehow living vicariously through one another, and that for our relationship to survive, my secret could never be revealed.
It’s hard to draw any real conclusions from Australia’s tour of the West Indies, particuarly the batting.
Her premise, in the article and in the book, is that women need to stop being so picky before it’s too late and their chances to mate shrink. Essentially: If someone — a dating coach, a married couple, anybody — had told her when she was 29 that ruling a guy out because he ate his toe jam was too much to ask, she would have found other things to like about him. No hair, so what? Is he intelligent?
COURT RECESSES
There are going to be four books all together in the Rebel Angels sequence and Bloodstone, the second, is just out. many female bloggers have waited, hearts a-flutter, for the return of Seth and tend to fall into rather overheated descriptions of his appeal so I am going to be restrained.
Before I get into the recipe, I would like to say that these cookies made me excited for several reasons…1. They really did look and taste how I wanted them to, 2. They are quick and easy. If you’ve read my blog you know I am all about sprouting/soaking my flours, which let’s be realistic, sometimes you don’t have time for all that and you just need a cookie ASAP!! 3. This recipe is Gluten-free (so I can make it for my friends who have to be Gluten-free), it’s grain-free so there’s no overload on carbs, and it can be GAPS-diet friendly.
(C) Incompetent
As for StyleMob, I'm actually pretty impressed with them since so far they've managed to keep it a positive place. Of course, it is still in friends-only beta mode, which is why you have to be my friend to join. I wonder how it'll fair once it's open to the masses, since there are some pretty cruel jerks out there. But, I will say if you enjoy street style to give StyleMob a go. While obviously I don't care much about the lower ratings, it's still fun to see how people perceive my outfits.
The EPA tried to throttle “fracking” and they lost the battle in court when their testing science was found to be less that perfect. Pure water samples were found to have “fracking” chemical contamination by the EPA testers. The courts stop short of calling it fraud, but then again how did the fracking fluids get into pure water samples. Case dismissed.
Moving away from the super serious previous answer- I like them raw with a little ranch dressing for dipping. I only like cooked carrots if they are in something else like a stew.
“Sorry Mrs. Archer. Give him dry dog food. It’s really the best thing for Punky.”
If you don’t know anything about CHLY, please check out http://chly.ca/ and consider becoming a member or supporter. Membership is $20 per year, allows you to volunteer with a diverse community of interesting people, maybe have your own radio show, and allows you a vote at our annual general meeting. All current full-time students of the Malaspina (Nanaimo) Campus of Vancouver Island University (VIU) are already members – any additional donations, however, are appreciated.
Now the manna was like coriander seed, and its colour was like the colour of gum resin. The people went around and gathered it, ground it in mills or beat it in mortars, then boiled it in pots and made cakes of it; and the taste of it was like the taste of cakes baked with oil. When the dew fell on the camp in the night, the manna would fall with it.
If you do come over, I promise I won’t ramble on about how I think it’s great that if you Google Monsanto, one of the first auto fill selections is “Monsanto evil.” Or how organic strawberries were on sale for 1.99 and I bought six pints and would have bought more if I didn’t feel that it would have required some sort of explanation at checkout. True story. I promise.
is competent enough to be executed.
This is our last post of the Hoof Cafe, although we will miss it so dearly, we're excited to try out the black hoof and BHCO soon!
This chapter made me stop and think about *which* activities we were choosing. As a result of reading it, I firmed up my inclination to drop ballet. We now do taekwondo as a whole family, all together in class (mom and dad too). I will make sure each child has some team sports experience, but we're going to focus on taekwondo and orienteering, both of which teach life skills, can be done throughout your life, and involve our whole family together. (This does not mean you should choose these activities. I'm just showing how we thought through this.) We also do 4-H, which all the children from kindergarten through the end of high school can participate in, and in which we parents can be very involved. 4-H allows us to incorporate many valuable life skills, plus the children get experience managing the meetings themselves. (CM talks about the importance of the self-management aspect somewhere, but I can't now remember where. I think it was probably early in Volume 3.)
Selsor’s many appeals paid off and he was granted a new trial 20 years after his first, but that jury also found him guilty and sentenced him to death.
Twiddleybitz Early bird special – PREBOOK and Pay for your class and you will receive a FREE Twiddleybitz goodness package VALUE @$15
04. Shadow Me
In sub-Saharan Africa, the main genetic change since the advent of modern humans has been the replacement of hunter-gatherers by farming peoples. This process began perhaps 6,000 to 7,000 years ago near the Niger’s headwaters. A small core population of hoe farmers progressively expanded westward and southward, eventually occupying almost the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, except for a few marginal environments in central and southern Africa inhabited by Pygmy and Khoisan hunter-gatherers (Murdock, 1959, pp. 44, 64-68).
Granted, like John Carter, there are parts of the Avengers which I simply don't like. The bit which launched this article being the main one, but also because I just felt the movie didn't really fit that well with all of the preceeding ones. Maybe it's because I was disappointed they didn't give more information on what happened between the endings of the other various films and this one. How long had Captain American been working for shield? How long had Dr. Selvig been working for shield? How did Bruce Banner get from his cabin in British Columbia to India. Why did they reference so many things from the deleted scenes of the other movies? What the heck happened to War Machine to make it so he didn't show up? Were him and General Ross dealing with other threats? I realize most of these things are not questions the casual viewer would even consider, but to me, they are important.
I explained to Jen that I was not throwing her a shower, but we were going to do a spa day instead. Because I am the queen of surprises and after having successfully surprised the mother of my god-sons the week before for her 30th birthday, I figured the mother of my god-daughter (soon to be daughters) should share in the surprise vibe that I was feeling.
I suspect a fair few of you may have heard this – but this is just as much about promoting the original version as the cover. Space-rockers Failure released the it on their 1996 album Fantastic Planet, one of the best albums of that decade. A Perfect Circle then made their own unique version on Thirteenth Step, massively changing the sound. Both are great, though.
We need your help!
Chuckcolson.org says of him, “Chuck’s life is a testimony to God’ power to forgive, redeem and transform.“
Universal suffrage is not to be conflated with freedom.
From outside the lighthouse.
He denies an accusation from Miss Smith he was lying when he claimed not to be known by the name Tiger. He said one of his two brothers, also a taxi driver, had shared his taxi and that Tiger was a call sign for the car rather than his name.
The pilot will start in Urabá and Santa Marta, areas that were hard hit by Colombia’s internal conflicts. Over the next year, we will begin using research that was conducted earlier to test applications that will enable farmers to access information more easily and provide the organizations that serve them with tools to do so more effectively.
I took some pictures during the process of making this little quilt. Hopefully you will enjoy seeing what this orphaned block went through and how all the little details were added along the way. I'll let the pictures do the talking...
Recently a talk given by members of the News and Letters Committee was pointed out to me, and I listened to it with much interest….
One of the significant pages that i read:
Let them know they have been chosen by leaving a comment at their blog
* 7-8 cups of bread flour
As you wish!
Christmas on Chestnut Street ... LMN ... 6 PM
Ramon Perez (Sona) Sakura Cream, Black Okinawa Sugar, Alpine Strawberry, Cherry-Blossom Yogurt-Sorbet
Row 10- Repeat row 9 (32)
I use mostly the Windsor and Newton Kolinsky Sable brushes, in various sizes...Kolinsky Sable is the best brush you can use for watercolor but costs a fortune per brush, so I buy all my brushes during the Herbert Evans Art Sales in August when they have a 40% discount :)
The Soul frowned. “Oh, God,” it said. “This time wasn’t any fun either. I was born a farmer’s wife with three children to take care of. I had so much to do that I barely had any time to even sit down!” God sent it back.
9. The Da Vinci Code - Dan Brown
It was so much fun designing a toy. I am sure many many kids would love to design their own toys. It was so easy to just play around with Happy Toy Machine's Plush Builder. I personally must have been on there for a couple hours designing a plush toy for my little one. I wasn't on there for so long because it was difficult. I was on there for so long because it was fun!
The spring flowers are the most beautiful in my opinion.
‘No, it’s still your day off’.
Thank you so much for dropping by!
Since then, Hot Rod has toured the world doing shows in markets such as Turkey, England, France, Australia, United Arab Emerites, Germany, Italy, Spain, Austria, Switzerland, China, Denmark and countless territories around the world. As his underground hit grew, Tila Tequila jumped on board and rapped a verse adding to the fanfare of "I Like To F*ck". The world took notice.
Here…If no one else gives you one, this is for YOU:
It is night. The servants are headed for the flea market. They are following Anwaar and Fareda. Saameira and Imtithal are whispering about being scared.
I am considering not entering anything of mine. And I am also considering giving up brewing and just going to the liquor store for beer.
Luckily, there is an abundance of information available. Your school may even have a readiness test. I recently came across these two boiled down articles. If you are a little iffy on your child's readiness, or just want to confirm their skills, check it out.
Women Sufi poets were part of a widespread emancipation movement in the Indian Subcontinent and West Asia that started more than a thousand years ago and lasted till the nineteenth century. Interestingly, these poets fought for women’s rights at a time when that concept was still unformulated. This movement saw the emergence of women saints on an unprecedented scale, and was one of the most significant characteristics of the medieval age in West Asia and Southasia. Mystic women poets subverted conventional notions of gendered behaviour, helping women to defy stereotypes and break the chains of tradition and orthodoxy, which sought to control their sexuality. In the spiritual sphere of Sufism, physical distinction between male and female was often completely overlooked and the two were fused and identified. Many of the saints believed that all creation, being the product of the supreme creative power, was feminine.
I often think that it is precisely this thinking that has gotten me into trouble... actually it has been the cause of many a broken heart.... (actually hearts can't break, the most that happens is they tear, then eventually are mended.)
I was on the go in two weeks but needed the break so bad. I did also see Titanic in 3D which was GREAT! My first 3D movie ever!!!
Out in the fields a few SKYLARKS were heard and a COMMON BUZZARD came low over the Alders, it was later seen over the car park with something hanging from it's beak. I scanned several times for Little Egret and hoped for Kingfisher along the stream. In the end I didn't manage to add any new birds for the year but it was a nice bright and breezy walk.
These Stuffed Portobellos make a wonderful lunch or light dinner. I ate mine upon a bed of baby spinach and drizzled it with my honey balsamic glaze.
“It’s rather stuffy in here, isn’t it?”
Feb 22 Writing Break
The three of us put feet to the trail a little before 6 am. We ran the steady, entrance climb up to the beautiful, grassy meadow canyon of Achenbach. Once passing through the initial climb and smaller canyons, one enters this meadow that also contains interesting, volcanic tuft, slabby rock outcroppings. We then split off on a narrow, loose, rocky side trail that followed a ridge up to an unnamed peak. The climb was mostly a power hike with a few spurts of running. Eugene mentioned this climb was his Grand Canyon training run. From the parking lot to the peak is a climb of about 2000 feet. We caught the magic hour as the sun lit up Achenbach and smaller canyons as it floated up from the White Sands of the east. After a break at the summit and dreaming of running the neighboring ridges and meadows we descended. The run down was fast but the loose footing made for a precarious descent. Each turn had a cactus, rock or sharp, or dagger-like yucca. A lot of the run down was more of a skree ski on the loose rocks. I couldn’t help but laugh out loud at the fun and absurdity of the run.
Level 13: Recovers 130 HP and 39 MP every 4 seconds.
Now pretty quickly I snapped back to Jesus and I know that all of the above is far from the truth.
Update: I've nearly finished editing with two of my Alpha readers. Their feedback has been amazing. Both of them loved it and said they had to do mostly line edits because it doesn't really need content edits.
I don’t want my (hopefully) loyal readers to think I’m going to post every day. I don’t want you to get tired of me! I do have to share this, though. I’ve been laughing about it for a full day. This little tidbit appeared in the Colombo Sunday Observer yesterday. It was hidden a few paragraphs down in an article about cobblers (who, in Sri Lanka, are street vendors that spread out a blanket on the sidewalk and fix shoes and bags).
Above our television sits lyrics from one of my favorite tunes from childhood.
She's another one that makes me want to be more experimental with my dressing.
Profitably doth He go over what has been said, and convicts indolence unto things helpful of proceeding from love of evil, and of having its root in unwillingness to learn those things whereby one may become wise and good. For the doer of evil, says He, flees from and refuses the being in the Divine Light: not hiding from shame on account of evil (for so he would have been saved) but desiring to remain in ignorance of what is becoming, lest transgressing he should be smitten, falling upon the now keener convictions of his own conscience, and by means of at length clearly knowing what is good, should pay a more woeful account to the Judge, if he should not do what was pleasing to God. But he that doeth truth (that is, the lover and doer of the works of the Truth) cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest that they are wrought in God. For he doth not reject the illumination in the Spirit, by It specially led to be able to |178 understand in all calm collectedness, whether he hath transgressed the Divine commandment, and whether he hath wrought all things according to the Law of God.
I make this dip a lot for parties at Christmas time because of its beautiful colours. It always proves to be a massive hit so I thought I would try it out on Miss F. I have adapted the usual recipe for the young ones, as I know most littlies aren’t a fan of spicy foods.
I believe satan is afraid of the damage he’s facing because I have finally accepted Gods, conviction to spiritually mature and take my relationship to the next level with Him, Satan saw a way to exploit my weakness but because he, doesn’t know the desires of the heart he, had no clue I would call upon God, for help, because every other time I would just give in… After I called upon God, for help I heard God, whisper to seek prayer from other christian’s so I did just that!!!
I'm torn between exploring and helping Rowan get used to his new home--which means being home, decorating, giving it our energy, and following the bedtime routine that we've gotten used to. So while part of me really wants to go camping, I'm secretly glad I can blame Rowan and just nest.
She would later be told Jo died on a train after having his wrists tied above his head without food or water for ten days. She returned home to find all of the rice they had hidden had been taken by the police. The kids were hungry, and her mom had been watching them.
For me, the problem with these movies is that they have no sense of humor. A bit of comic relief would give the films color, would make the suspense more surprising by comparison and the revelations more shocking. Anyone who is familiar with color knows that this works. Yellow is brighter in the presence of purple, its direct opposite on the color wheel, than in the presence of any other color, and purple is more vibrant in the presence of yellow.
The recent construction of Healthy Home 2010 by Dior Builders in Palatine, Illinois is a culmination of over 16 years of scientific research and the collaboration of experts in a variety of areas to build a “Healthy Home” as a tangible means of educating the public about keeping families safe from environmental toxins. We spend at least 90% of our lives inside a home or building, so the quality of the environment can be essential to our good health.
2. WOD 12.2 of the CrossFit Open was posted on Wednesday night:
Conair Infiniti Pro Folding handle 1875 watt hair dryer $24.99
Last but certainly not least, the peonies are finally about to pop. Some are just barely unfurling...
But I’ve gotta be bold
Pure Joy !
Paper: classic white cardstock (Flourishes), colored cardstock
What can make a poker web page truly make income? It is not simply in attracting clients with definitely excessive rakebacks. It is mostly within the fun on the adventure. Sure, it could be nice to have some of the cash back again but you may also think about the high quality from the games you play. There would not be any exciting in playing game titles that do provide you with higher rakebacks and other bonuses but place you to sleep anyway because another players aren’t that skillful. You can not be understanding something the following and if something, it’s detrimental to your skill mainly because you are not being challenged adequate.
Hui: I want to get a taco truck, do dumplings out of it, soup...
Summary: When Rose Gardner sees a vision of herself dead while working her mundane job at the DMV she begins to brace herself for the moment of truth. Little does she know, fate will intervene and her mother ends up in her place. No longer has a slave to her strict mother, Rose begins to live her life while simultaneously figuring out who killed her mother. She writes a list of twenty eight and a half wishes that she would like to do before she dies among them: dance in the rain, kiss a man, do more with a man and go to Italy. With the help of her mysterious but cute next door neighbor and her sister Rose discovers how to live her life and also some secrets that will change hers.
Sometimes when I am working on a digital scrapbook I like to look through several different element folders and just drop things I like onto a blank page like this . . .
Finally I remember I got something interesting to update fml. That is Cinco De Mayo. *silence*
Jesus’ commentary about prayer is more than twice as long as His model prayer. The prayer, itself, is a marvel of simplicity and wisdom. It tells us to whom we are praying and for what we should pray. I believe that it also ranks what we pray about in priority order. This is significant, because we can focus on our Father and His kingdom and ask for daily provision before asking forgiveness! In this way, Jesus communicates the Father’s abundant mercy and grace. As Jesus has already said in this same sermon,
5. Back Again
Absolutely delicious if a little simple, this really delivers a great deal of pleasure – 91/100 points.
For example, note the similarity in Brooks’ description of the competitive path and zombies described in articles cited at ZombieLaw post on Social Media (part 2 of Zombie Education) Brooks writes:
Freedom to learn what, how and when you want.
Recept: Oh no, he's not here until tomorrow!
Many people new to first person reenacting think that they have to know “everything about everything” when creating a persona, every battle, every politician, every tool etc. The truth is, if it's not something that you'd care to know about in the modern world, why would your historic self want to know it in their time? I can relate the recipe for a double chocolate mocha brownies by heart, but heck if I know the name of my senator; my historic self is no different!
Messages from Your Angels Oracle Cards;
whistling tuneless ditties
Louie Rankin - Typewriter
I’m reminded of the Simpson’s in the episode where Bart gets inducted into Fat Tony’s mob, he says something like this (sorry, could not find Youtube clip): “Is it wrong to steal bread for your family? What if you family don’t want bread, what if they want cigarettes and when if you’re family is everyone and instead of given them away, you sell them the cigarettes at a price that’s PRACTICALLY giving them away? Is that wrong?”
Hi peeps! It seems like forever, that I've not blogged on my next post. Well my fault and I'm sorry as I had to clear most of my work before heading off for a short beach vacation with my best buddy. Where did we head to? We went away soaking up the sand, sun and sea. Jealous yet? LOLs.. A much needed short trip, to be away from the hustle and bustle of the city. Not to worry, I did my level best to take as many photos to share them with you. Hopefully I didn't lose you folks over the past weekend.
Yet for me – still Immortal,
Earlier that week I declared to my obstetrician: “The baby is going to arrive early, and it’s going to snow.” She smiled the same smile she gave me when I suggested a drug-free delivery.
METCON
“Here we are.” She opened the door and led him into a small office. Her desk sat next to the window and there were a couple chairs on either side. He took one and she sat across from him instead of at her desk.
"They take a drum kit and break it up among the three of them, and then they set up along the front of the stage. So, whoever is playing bass (James and James alternate between bass and guitar,) is also stepping on a kick drum…and whoever is playing guitar is also stepping on the high hat (and sometimes playing harmonica simultaneously). Heather, in the middle, switches between melodica, keys, glockenspiel and snare drum, often playing several at a time. And even with all this going on, their harmonies are astounding."
Clinical experiments indicate that beverages containing cola increase the rate and extent of absorption of carbamazepine (Tegretol), a drug used to treat epilepsy and some forms of bipolar disorder.
So, when I googled "great vintage shops, Atlanta" this place came up several times-- Kudzu Antiques in Decatur. I couldn't believe that I'd never been! The place is huge-- we must have wondered around for at least an hour and a half, and I'm pretty sure we didn't see everything. In classic antique mall-style, they have it set up in booths, which vendors can rent and do whatever they like with. The refreshing place about Kudzu is that all of the booths are great-- they have very high standards for what kinds of items people can sell- no junk. Everything is authentic vintage and in great condition. Again, that makes for pretty high prices-- I found some great vintage dresses in one booth but they were all over $100! Still, if I were looking for a special occasion outfit or a nice gift, this is a great place to go.
Then Chris (Product Director) read it, Round Four. Rewrote. Then the kid focus group, Round Five. Rewrote. Then "The Board", whoever the heck that is, Round Six. Rewrote. Somewhere in there, I think Lisa gave me some more ideas, because I seem to remember seven rounds.
Large Heart: Sweethearts Cricut cartridge cut at 10 1/2" with a shadow (p. 73 of the handbook)
TapIn Places, its all about your daily check-in places by tap.
* Spirituality in Hospice Care
K, moving right along. This weekend I had a girls’ night with my academic mum, who rocks my world every time I see her, another Bobby who is ab fab (this stands for Absolutely Fabulous, in case you are abbreviation-deficit like I am), and my going-out soulmate, because we can say ridiculous things to each other and understand that they are ridiculous things to say.
With the gravity of this story in mind, it is important to remember the circumstances that led to this event: Joshua was honoring a treaty he had been tricked into signing. It was illegitimate and it allowed the Gibeonites to “illegally” occupy a piece of the land promised to Israel. In choosing to uphold the obligations of the peace treaty, Joshua ignores the devious nature of the circumstances which led to Israel’s relationship with Gibeon and instead chooses to honor, maintain, and protect the relationship they have established.
- Ah, but no. It’s written. It’s going to be. We’re due a galactic alignment. This earth. Mother Gaia. We’ll shift dimensions till the 4th dimension. We’re moving into a photon belt. It’ll change our frequency vibrations. It’ll all be so different and beautiful. You can’t imagine!
“What if they object to being caressed in that fashion?” I ask.
I fussy cut Wryn and adhered her to the card using 2mm dimensionals - tried to keep it pretty flat. Don't want a fat SMASH* book that won't close now, do I? :) I used my craft knife to cut the area out between those amazing shoes of hers - I need a lot more practice at that!
I have a very beautiful elder sister (actually I have three). Anyway sometimes I think this sister doesn’t realise how very special she is. She’s always running round helping people, babysits more grandchildren than you could beat with sticks, and every time I’ve been in trouble she’s been right there.
Go into insights, click on engaged users, if someone unliked page or hid it, you will be able to see that as "negative feedback" so you can see what you did to cause that, too.
Original Screenplay: Woody Allen, Midnight In Paris
I used Close to my Heart's Art Philosophy cartridge to cut the base card, the background mat, and the shaped mats. I used pop dots to assemble the bunny scene on the mats.
The name of the death-cold maid.
Ps. If you are looking for a great book to read aloud to the family, we would highly recommend “Strawberry Girl” by Lois Lenski. This book was my favorite as a child growing up and I still love it today. It is a fictional story about a family back in the late 1800’s, moving from their home in North Carolina to an old farm in central Florida and growing strawberries as their main cash crop. Full of ole’ timey adventure and farming experiences, it captures the Old South and it’s culture perfectly. If the “Little House” books are on your favorite reading list, you’ll love reading “Strawberry Girl”!
OMG...head is spinning. I gotta get this worked out. I'll take any suggestions, ideas, or thoughts that you guys have. Clearly, I need help!
Selected comments:
4) Take the button above and post about it. Use the Mr. Linky below to sign up, but make sure you link it directly to your post about this challenge.
**The Daycare had their annual spring/graduation program. It was of course adorable and Lauren had so much fun. She has been practicing her songs for weeks.
During the day, these cats lead a, well, dog's life. They live in well-maintained cat houses, dine at the five or so hidden feeding stations, have access to health care (shots, neutering, spaying, no botox though :) ). The cats are kept under wraps when the Park is open to guests, although rumor has it you might be able to spot a cute tabby face from the Jungle Cruise ride.
Set The Controls For The Heart Of The Sun (previously unreleased on DVD/BluRay)
Gracie and Jack’s momma!
Practice as much as you can now—you only get less time later in life. If you get married, have kids, et cetera, forget about practicing three hours a day. Don’t procrastinate on practicing.
Nerd. I know. We've had this discussion before.
- Krakow’s historical city center is a UNESCO world heritage site.
dated January 3, 1943
Why did you decide to do this project? After ten years of playing "around" the idea of being a professional artist, by obtaining degrees and work in related fields like art therapy and interior/industrial design, I recently made the decision to go directly for it, head on.
Of a memory in your minds
At least we got a cute picture with Flash the Fox.....
The connection began when Obama was at the New York Public Library and came across the latest copy of Community Jobs, a publication of six to eight pages that listed employment opportunities in the social-­justice and social-services fields. One listing was for a group called the Developing Communities Project, which needed a community organizer to work in the Roseland neighborhood on the South Side of Chicago. Right city. Right line of work. Obama sent in his résumé and cover letter, something he had done many times before with no luck. Two matters left unstated in the ad were that Kellman, who oversaw the project, specifically wanted an African-American for the job, and that he was getting desperate.
Reuters AlertNet
There was all that ghastly nonsense with babies, too. They were expected to come forth with the regularity of a harvest, the fruits of plantings provoked more by a father’s pleasure than a mother’s desire to continue her beloved miscreant’s line. Horrible, horrible, Mary-Emma thought as she imagined great globes of muslin-swathed bellies emptying their contents into the world amid a violent stew of noise and mess. No, no man would do that to her. She was not to be used in that fashion. She was not to be used at all.
Below is a letter that I sent out to students on Tuesday:
The only way I can read this story and make Jesus’ behavior make any sense is to see it as a possible teaching moment for those who were listening. I think this way based on Jesus’ openness to healing those outside the Jewish faith. He didn’t hesitate to heal the Centurians child, or Legion. In John 4, it states that Jesus “HAD” to go through Sammaria, which resulted in his encounter with the woman at the well, when clearly that wasn’t the best way to travel. So it would make no sense that all of a sudden Jesus had nothing to offer this woman.
An elderly patient of mine has recently started showing signs of dementia. One of the more annoying elements of his disease is that he is losing his normal diurnal pattern, which means that he is waking up in the middle of the night and thinking that it's daytime. However recently he took things a step further when he woke in the night and decided to go for a drive. He still has a license, but this does raise the ethical dilemma of those people with early dementia and when to "hand in the license".
I just wanted to log on real fast and upload a new video. This time is coloring a dinosaur image and wouldnt you know...less than 24 hours I posted the card I created with the image..it SOLD!! As well as the coupon book the day before! Its exciting to see an etsy email!
Since returning to the heart of our defence he’s been an absolute beast. I’m a big fan of centre halves with a touch of finesse, a la Franco Baresi, but I also believe that in English football you need at least one of your central defenders to be a big, scary b*****d, and Huth is just that – a monster who knows how to close the space and find his man but is also strong and intimidating. Not everything he does is legal, but often, like Judge Dredd, he is the law, as numerous Premier League strikers (and Matthew Upson) have discovered to their cost. It was no wonder that Chris Herd had to go off after heading Huth’s chin – it must have been akin to headbutting Thor’s hammer.
- 1 tablespoon of caster sugar
The large banks tend to direct most of their lending toward fellow state-owned enterprises, but China increasingly relies on smaller private firms for job creation and economic growth.
My East Midlands Journey Planner told me quite clearly that the quickest way to Ripley was a train to Alfreton, wait 20 minutes and get a bus to Ripley. About an hour and 20 from Station to pub I reckoned. But where's the fun in that? Much better to guesstimate my way there based on half remembered timetable information and suffer the slings and arrows of misfortune along the way.
Tete de Moine is a cheese imported from Switzerland. It has a picture of monks on the label. The main monk has a wheel of cheese and he looks to be cutting a piece off. The cheese is decorated with some flowers or garnish. Nice picture but I don’t give it much notice at first. There is significance to the picture as I was about to discover.
The color is bright, brilliant gold. The heavy carbonation bubbles up like ginger ale. The finger of foamy head looks like Italian Ice. Looks like a light lager, but I won't let that scare me off.
-Maggie
Most of our beers are heavily hopped from bittering right through to dry hopping. Extensive use of high alpha hops can result in a less than subtle flavour. I sometimes worry this narrows down our appeal. Thoughts on this subject are also invited.
It might be the whole inner English language geek in me (and it probably has something to do with my dialect fascination), but this whole thing about cheese led me to thinking of more varied pronunciations. Though Rogers and Astaire (or rather, Ira and George Gershwin) covered a lot of ground in their song, there are still a lot of words that aren’t in there.
Have you ever traveled to a place everyone raved about and wondered what they saw that you didn't? Tell me about it!
Here is a closer view of the lion and tiger.
Hello... finally got a chance to make a card today that was just for fun and for a few challenges. I have been busy making things the last few days, but nothing that I can share... at least not yet.
* Wabi Sabi for Writers, by Richard Powell, Adams Media.
So this is where we get into trouble. One thing that all of these “P” words have in common is the fact that they are not achievable by human beings. The idea that we will always do everything right is a false belief and as the beloved Apostle of Love, John put it, “we deceive ourselves.” (See 1 John 1 and 2)
This is rich coming from a party that cynically exploited the tragedy of 9/11 to go to war in Iraq. How will the debate pan out?
2) Curriculum has been designed keeping the industry requirements at core. Course material includes books, manuals and training material of Mr. Steve Shear (former US PTO Examiner )
These people are, in fact, sadly mistaken. Let it be known that they are wrong.
(I always find it amusing when food writers refer to the person eating with them as their “companion.” It sounds kind of naughty and clandestine. Like maybe the NY Times food critic takes a call girl out for dinner on the paper’s dime.)
Then Angela arrived and took charge of brainstorming ideas for lighting. The challenge was how to create strong shadows without going black and without having too much white glare on the puppets. Putting the light behind the puppets did create the ominous atmosphere. Angela adjusted the cheap Impact lights to the right hight:
In an homage blatant copying of Chris at Thinly Spread, I bring you our favorite weekend Autumn Walk. Now I am pretty lucky in the once the boys get started on a walk they love them and often it is MadDad and I who start back first.
and of course the menagerie.
The Gender Recognition Act brought Britain into line with a ruling by the European Court of Rights which legitimises the preposterous idea that a transsexual can retrospectively say that their gender at birth was what they now say it is. What this contortion of logic means is that they were not born what they were born but what they now say they were born.
From the midnight sun where the hot springs blow.
The original site is linked there, but I've lifted a copy to my site. It's been there for two years now (and is still there) but my readership doesn't need to provide advertising revenue for a general homeschooling site.
Hello, I apologise now for I won't be posting for about a week because I will be going to Byron Bay up in Queensland. However, I will try to share some photos of the beautiful scenery there! :)
Stamped Image Wild Rose Studio - Bella With Flowers
Aug. 17 – In “Spiritually Motivated Activism” Barbara Fields, Executive Director of the Association for Global New Thought (AGNT) discussed her work to implement and create programs that engage more and more organizational and citizen participation in manifesting a more peaceful planet. The Everyday Hero is Monique Ruffin sharing how Prayers Change U.S. is changing the hearts and minds of each American citizen toward generating policies and laws that enhancing the well-being and potential within all people.
How superstitious are you? I can honestly say that I avoid walking under ladders, get a little freaked out by black cats walking in front of me and still try and avoid stepping on cracks (as I really don’t want to have to look after my mother any sooner that is necessary).
I just got back from a week in Florida. I'd say it was hot but it's actually much hotter in Missouri right now! Right before I left I just missed out on a fantastic deal on a Brasilia dresser. I found it at my local thrift (which never has anything remotely interesting) but it was not priced. It took me a few minutes to track down someone to get the price for it and she told me another lady was already at the register trying to get a price on it! I kept my fingers crossed that she wouldn't want it but for $40 she snatched it up. I can only hope it's not now sporting some awful new paint job.
When eleven-year-old Melissa Corley was in the fifth grade, a presentation by then-astronaut Kenneth Reightler, Jr. inspired the youngster to pursue a career in the field of aeronautics and astronautics. As a student at The Hockaday School, in Dallas, Texas, Reightler’s remarks resonated with Corley, setting her on the professional path she follows today ─ as a Captain in the United States Air Force, and a doctoral candidate at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California.
Stacey had turned back toward the sea when Mattias finished talking and walked off. What he'd said helped, but he was right, killing that boy was sandpaper rubbing against a sunburn on Stacey's mind. Stacey was being asked to look at himself and change, but he had little direction. He wanted to be courageous, but not stupid, alive, but not bloodthirsty, and feeling, but not sad. After standing for a good while longer, he finally pulled himself down to the kitchen, where he pulled carrots our of his cleansing sack, some potatoes he had left over, and some beef he'd bought while in Andrill, and made a stew for the men. Cooking didn't cleanse his mind of the boy's lifeless face, but it did help him not to look at it so often.
That night, Wednesday and I went off on our own and took several trips through the Haunted Mansion and Pirates of the Caribbean. This was a stellar plan…. until we boarded a virtually empty Pirates boat, which went rocketing down the waterfalls like…. well…. a rocket. I hadn’t realized how violent that ride could be in a nearly-weightless boat. On the second waterfall, I actually flew off my seat (there’s no seat belts, of course) and came crashing back down right on my spine on the rock-hard seat back.
Now, it’s great that the right people are looking more at the warning message, but if this doesn’t result in an increased risk perception then surely the messages aren’t doing their job! Moreover, if removing the brand identity doesn’t change the way people look at the packets then maybe plain packaging, which will be costly to implement, isn’t the best of ideas.
Photos are worthwhile a thousand words. Sometimes photos show more than you can describe in the directions. The glaze for example is described as pasty. In the photos you can see that it has a certain dimension. It is very thick and doesn't flow as you may know it from other glazes. And take a look at the shape. They are really rounded, indicating that I have baked them a little longer. I like my Pfeffernüsse very crunchy. If you bake them as described in the directions they may be more flat after cooling down.
He sat at her feet, the design all ready in his mind, enjoying the thrill of choosing where to place the first pin of his artwork. It took three hours – his technique was improving. When the work was complete he lay on top of her, feeling the spread of her wide hips beneath his groin, loving the tremble of her shuddering body. Slowly, and gently, he pulled the tape and cloth away from her mouth and eyes. She didn’t speak.
As an example, I decided I would meet with the man who I felt had ‘rejected’ me and see if I could ‘stand being around him’ – the kind of language we use in situations of this kind. Knowing the importance of self validation, I was gentle with myself and made sure I felt like I was doing the most loving thing for me, by meeting him. I spent the two nights leading up to the meeting focussing on handing over the stress, anger, anxiety and pain that came with knowing I would see him.
I went to the talk, and participated in the Ada Aarhus meeting, and both of these things introduced me to the concept of being the outsider. Something which I understood, or at least thought I did, yet which I hadn’t really experienced before. I cant say I enjoyed the experience, but it was certainly enlightening, and it forced me to re-evaluate what I thought I understood on this subject.
Then there is this:Finally, the ultimate proof the movie is awful. The film was released on July 27th, 2001. I had just moved to Virginia beach to attend law school five days before that. I was so busy getting acclimated to a new place I never saw it while it was in theaters. Knowing my attachment to originals, I was skeptical whether I would like it ost critics were savaging it, anyway.
Thoughts from David: Well, I really love what the bears do. It’s cooler than cool.
Streaked in public
“This is the rise of Kundalini, its beginning. Kundalini now is connected with the body. Sivalingam paved the way and became a link.
Alternating between the emotional high of “Look, her eyes are open,” or “She’s crying!”
“Good. Now will you tell us the truth about finding this vehicle?”
TICKETS:
We live in a world that is so filled with mess, chaos, pain and war, a world filled with a need for material things...What happend to the true meaning of life?
Our challenges will run for an entire month so you have plenty of time to enter! And you can use any images you like and any recycled item for this month!!
Please join me in wishing An Austin Homestead a big "good-bye" and i hope you will check out, and hopefully stick around, Pocket Pause for many more of the posts you have enjoyed here and will continue to enjoy there. I'm so proud to have built up such a loyal following. I'm sure I will lose many of you in this transition, but i hope many of you will follow me, Pocket and the husband to our new blogging destination. Hint: i'm working on some "giveaways" as added incentive ;)
soft noise of rollin tires
We sit and sleep in the lowest level
4. High Fidelity
Eh, I'm not going to overthink it. The bottom line is, I find this peachy flavor addictive, and it keeps showing up in my beer fridge. I'm not sure it's a taste that immediately says "Christmas" (or whatever winter holiday you prefer) but it's definitely says Texas, and I'm good with that.
I love seeing the joy of "Kissmuss" through 2 year old eyes. He will only be 2 once. He will only want me to play dinosaurs for hours for a short period of his life. He will only want to find scissors to cut anything he can for a little while longer. He will only insist I cook in the play kitchen with him and do all the cooking the way he says to for a few months more. He will only be saying the cute little things he says for a little while longer. He will only be 2 once.
There isn’t a lot you can say…everyone knows the story of titanic…and it was nice to have went around the maritime museum in Liverpool last weekend to see the titanic model ship and read about it.
I believe that as a ministry of the church, Ministry to Men ought to be about the Great Commission: Making Disciples for Jesus Christ.
Assemble the tart:
” I think you’re one of the best singer I heard in many years.”
"privileges": men can be hyper-emotional and vulnerable, women can
1 c flour
Not too long ago I was invited down to London to check out Very's SS12 collection. The collections were mostly muted nudes and pastels with embellishments and prints galore. As always, I left wanting it to be Spring Summer right this instant and throw out my opaque tights, winter coats and scarves and embrace the SS12 collection with bare legs and thin layers. Given the weather at the moment, it just seems so very far away, what torture!
And so we begin with the top 10 Halloween movies….
The word husband is also a verb, which I really like — to till, or cultivate. A good marriage is a living thing that demands attention and care.
I die cut and embossed the bird from the S5-075 Spellbinders Cuckoo Clock set shown below. The birds are popped up with 3D Foam squares onto a grey background matted with blue on white.
No energy.
and hit my boyfriend's car on the passenger side
I'm planning a small fiesta with some drinks and appetizers in celebration of Cinco de Mayo so I'll be sure to post some pictures next week to show you how it came out.
This Big Lie ignores the fact that there is no relationship between carbon dioxide (CO2) and the climate. CO2 reacts to climate change. It does not drive it. The Big Lie ignores the fact that the Earth has been cooling for fourteen years.
Notes: It’s a mouthful. Take a shot before you decide to attempt this one.
Finally had a second Soup Swap on Sunday. The last one was a couple of years ago. I thought there was some demand for a second one, but the turnout was kind of disappointing. HOWEVAH, here is the email I sent to everyone with recipes--thought you might be interested:
That's a very straightforward, yes or no question I think.
It's really easy to create a lacey paper ruffle border for your layouts. First, cut 1" strips from pattern paper. I used the Martha Stewart doily punch here. After the strip was all punched, I accordion folded the entire strip. This is a really forgiving technique so you don't have to be overly fussy or even. Unfold the paper and adhere your lace paper to the layout. I used hot glue to attach the paper ruffle to the back of my layout.
kisses it before taking to the pitch. It seems to work for him as he is now a favorite at Plainmoor having scored 12 goals in 35 games for the gulls he has proved he was given the number 9 shirt for a reason and has earned himself the nickname “Super Rene Howe” and long may it continue.
Why don't ad agencies/design agencies have staff photographers? What I mean here is that since editorial photography is dead and the age of copyright protection is over, I imagine you could find one or two great photographers that would be readily available for a staff position at a fraction of the price you'd have had to pay a few years ago for such a luxury. I mean wouldn't it be a treat to put an accomplished photographer on the payroll!
I just worked my way through Deep Church by Jim Belcher (2009, IVP, Kindle Edition). In this book he investigates the debate between traditional and the emergent models of church. This is a raging debate in Christian leadership circles. If you aren't a leader, you might not think you care, but the truth is, the model of church will effect the way, the purpose and the form of your relationship with believers. Belcher talks briefly about the pragmatic movement of the church grow/seeker sensitive movement, but does not analyze it beyond deeming in dead. (Interesting that less than a dozen years ago, most of the students in my class were inline with this movement.)
I don’t have a cute little story as to why I made these. I guess I was just browsing the internet and came across a recipe for cheesecake brownies. http://www.browneyedbaker.com/2011/08/04/cream-cheese-cheesecakebrownies/http://www.browneyedbaker.com/2011/08/04/cream-cheese-cheesecakebrownies/
How the hell did I get here? Did we get here? I know I am not the only one. I know that some of my friends are struggling with the same issue. Why is it that women like us, who seemingly have it all: self-respect, a great job, a good life, smarts, looks, etc. How is it we emotionally butcher ourselves by going for the worst choices of men ever? It’s not necessarily that these men are bad, they are just not right for us. Is it because we really do want to be rescued of SOMETHING (loneliness, single life, boredom?) or is it because all these choices, all these double standards, have confused us so much that we have no idea how to even trust ourselves anymore?
Quality: Worth an "historic" A+ as (IMHO) possibly the best sounding recording from 1973
According to the rules of accepting the award, I have to:
1 3/4 cup of plain flour (sieve)
I have a sick note so does that count! Anyway bugs are on the way out and my crafting mojo is alive and kicking :) So you have come here via your reading list or most likely from Julia's blog 'Stamping ground' and you want a nosey at my desk so here it is
"It kills you to see them grow up. But I guess it would kill you faster if they didn't." Barbara Kingsolver
Another example of an African Church that started in Britain and is involved in global missions is Trinity Baptist Church founded by Rev Kingsley Appaigyei in 1989. Trinity Baptist Church is also considered one of the largest Black Majority Churches in Britain having a congregation of around 3,000 people. Trinity Baptist Church since its inception has been involved in many Church plants within the UK and other parts of Europe. They have a Church in Italy, Denmark, Netherlands and Ghana. In addition, they also have an orphanage home in Ghana.
Designed to fill a gap in the market and the demand for traditional methods rather than highly processed flooding the city centre. These units will focus on core products of French sticks, multi-grain loaves, rye breads, sourdoughs, rolls & bagels but can develop into patisserie & gluten free options.
This weekend we took a trip on the "Santa Train" with the Georgetown Loop Railroad. We had some groupons for it, and so we brought the whole family - us, Aunt Mary and my parents! All together 5 adults, 3 kids, and 2 wheelchairs as part of that. I called in advance to make sure we could all go, and the assured me we could - so we did.
2) Select one or more fonts to use in the transformation
I felt everything. The waves of every sadness my family has ever known swelled up around me, their wet hands pulling and pushing.
06. Moglie Che Va... (01:47)
We had the colours
Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I’m GONE!
through his cross and blood and death.
Introduced by Roy Acuff in 1948, Dickens-- always decked in his rhinestone-studded suits-- has entertained Opry audiences with a succession of hits such as “A-Sleeping at the Foot of the Bed,” “Out Behind The Barn,” “Take an Old Cold Tater And Wait” (the song that prompted Hank Williams to dub him “Tater”), “May The Bird of Paradise Fly up Your Nose,” “Country Boy,” and “The Violet and the Rose” as well as his trademark comedic timing. The legendary entertainer shares a kinship with the entire Opry family and the country music community, including Adkins, whom he invited to join the Opry from atop a kitchen ladder on the Opry stage in 2003; Jones, with whom he has shared stages for 50 years; and Paisley, who has invited him to appear in a number of award-winning music videos.
* Strong analytic and critical thinking skills, writing skills, communication skills, consulting skills, and ability to work within a team
Two huge underground cities were destroyed on August 23rd — which may be seen by historians as the critical moment in which the war was won.
Gone will be the severe gym restrictions.
Poetry is always on my mind, and I am always glad to find new work that has never crossed my path. I found many great poets this year including Bob Hicok, Joshua Clover, Tony Hoagland, C.K. Williams, and my favorite find of the year W.S. Merwin (though admittedly, I was tardy – Merwin is hardly a secret!!). Admittedly, Clover’s poetry is good only in spurts, and usually you have to go back to your French continental thought and re-read Apollonaire to make much sense of it. Hicok gives a great shattering reading in person, but Insomnia Diary is his only written text that held my attention as opposed to Plus Shipping or his new collection This Clumsy Living. Hoagland’s poetry is great, full of raw passages that are “mean,” to use his word, phrases like “Until we say the truth, there can be no tenderness /As long as there is desire, we will not be safe.” I also enjoyed his book on craft, Real Sofistikashun. I am still going to find and read his recommendations on poets and am using his advice in my own work. New Yorker poet C.K. Williams was great to read on the beach in the morning with all of the California lives running by on the sand -- his use of a long, classical line spun with the conventional sonnet works more often than it fails, and he can often paint an entire person with just a few strokes. However, Merwin was the poet that overthrew me this year with his mediations on forgotten languages, the illusions of the everyday, and his earth shattering piece on September 11th, simply addressing the words themselves and showing his true subject only by the date the poem was completed, September 12, 2001.
Act of 1871
I did a search on Match.com of a 50-mile radius where I live, within my age group… and I gotta say, there are pages and pages of people, both male and female. I know, that’s not proof love is abundant. Just proof lots of people are looking for it. I get that. But I can’t tell you the times I’ve heard women around here say “there aren’t any good men out there!” Baloney.
First: My one little criticism ... the selection at NerdyShirts is not as broad as some other similar sites. BUT, the fact that they have a whole section of "girl" shirts that's almost as big as the "guy" section goes a long way for me.
The only exercise I got in was when I walked home from work one day… just 1.48 miles but I really shouldn’t complain about that.
and release from darkness for the prisoners,
Sometimes they could obtain pork, which made them feel quite special.
Now, when I say Mary Sue Self Insert Fic, the fannish among you are probably already running for the hills. In the days of The Lord of the Rings fandom’s film boost, stories about perfect American girls getting into the movies and making out with Legolas were a dime a dozen. But Guy Andrews—as much as I hate to be gender essentialist, I’m still flummoxed that a man wrote this—takes this tired concept and breathes new life into it by actually following it through. Amanda Price, while not as rounded as I like my characters and is, of course, underappreciated by the people in her real life, is still a fairly regular girl. While she can’t exactly come out and tell Bingley and Darcy where she’s from, she’s extremely aware of the influence Pride and Prejudice has had on her life; Amanda’s been in love with Darcy since she was twelve. I do have to call shenanigans, however, on the fact that Amanda seems to not be aware that Jane Austen wrote anything else. She has to learn to fit in and play the games of society in order to survive—Mrs. Bennet eventually turns Amanda out of the house, disgusted with the effect she’s having on the young Misses Bennet. While the ending is still straight out of a classic Mary Sue Self Insert Fic, there’s some thought behind it, and the characters have to earn their ending, no matter how ridiculous it is. How ridiculous, you might ask? Amanda makes Darcy reenact the famous wet shirt scene from the 1995 Pride and Prejudice. Yes, really.
i'm convinced i'm an experiment project - was put on new meds and put 35lbs on in 1 yes ONE month - so there goes my Dr's idea that i had an eating disorder (which i have battled in the past, but been free of for years) - each time i get on new meds i get sicker and sicker - i won't go into details - but it's been a bad quality of life on these meds so i have decided to stop them - on a positive note - i finally joined a gym - i'm now a proud member of Bally's and have a personal trainer for 3 months - so rock solid body this summer here i come!
I used to cry at night because I didnt want my mom to die. I didnt want to die. So back when I was 7 or 8, I decided, I didnt want to die, or have anyone die I want the world to end and me be with my family. I still feel the same today, especially with all the talk of End Times. But with my faith, death is no longer scary. I just know I dont want to suffer, be in pain, I especially dont want my boys or family to see me suffer. So if I have to choose peacefully, in my sleep.
At sixteen, she began competing in athletics (track and field) and before she turned seventeen, she was representing Canada in high jump. She continued to compete, breaking Canada's JR High Jump record (1.92m - 6' 3 1/2" for those metric-ly challenged). She attented University of Toronto, and Kansas State University - graduating with a BS degree in Kinesiology and beginning her Masters in Business.
UPDATE (26th March): Nikon has today issued a statement confirming the price increases. However, Nikon add they will be honouring the original prices to retailers on all customer pre-orders placed before March 24th 2012.
Bake for 20 minutes, till the eggs are set
“I am Paulo. I saw that tree in a dream. Spanish gold coins are buried beneath it. Finding this treasure is my personal folklore.”
Amy Winehouse - Porchester Hall, London, 3 August 2007
GARROSH: Because seriously, if she—
"fuck off. But you do remember right?"
back to Gabe.
And your Pa, he'll hardly notice when he comes in through the door
This will make 24 muffins. I have doubled this recipe and it works very well. Good to have some extra muffins on hand in the freezer. (Okay, I know some of you are thinking "24 muffins WOULD give me some extra muffins for the freezer, crazy woman!" True enough. Double it and you'll have extra extras!) ;-)
She just doesn't quite react to rewards so that doesn't work, bribes don't work, and quite frankly, she may shows 98% of the signs of being ready to potty train but the other 2% she's not and that 2% is a big deal. She needs to be really 100% ready and so do we. I'm praying that this failed attempt doesn't make her regress even more. I think that is why we are going to wait until closer to 3 yrs old, until maybe she gets a better understanding of what's going on.
No excuse for your groomsmen looking anything less than spectacular now. Click yourself over to their Etsy shop to ensure they look dapper for your big day. We understand though if you don’t want them looking prettier than you. It’s just like dating Brad Pitt.
Her response: shorts, tank top, your boots.
Back away slowly from what you have seen.
KEEP THE COMMUNITY GOING
Soon my wife and I will have been married for 41 years. How have we made it this far? Well, this may sound funny, but the answer to that question in part is because we manage to avoid each other.
It was coated in the deliciously heady smell of turpentine.
Sandoval can still reach the stratosphere with his piercing solos, but during the evening he explored the full range of the trumpet, reaching down deep on occasion, growling in the lower registers before leaping upward with startling cadenzas. He began with one of his older compositions, “Funky Cha Cha,” which allowed the band, comfortably ensconced on The Federal’s stage, to stretch out. That included the redoubtable Bob Sheppard on tenor, Andy Martin on trombone and a young pianist from Sri Lanka (by way of USC), Mahesh Balasooriya. Balasooriya sparkled throughout the set, providing a nuanced counterpoint to Sandoval’s performance.
But for being an honest person, I’m considered: hateful, a rebel, a troublemaker and a bitch. Or worse of all “too sensitive.”
Each one of us has a God given mission on this earth. Sometimes we stumble and are deterred from this mission because we allow sin to get in the way. Fortunately, we are not alone, God has blessed us with other believers to help us along the way. It is very important we humbly help others when they fall off track. Just think how proud God will be of you for helping others get back to their mission.
89If there be yet another name more free,
So why haven't I?
Rivet the pieces and form the ear wire. Feed the three copper disks onto the 20-gauge copper wire. We used the large copper disk as the back piece, a brass disk as the middle piece and the sterling silver disk as the front piece. This design gave a three color look but maximized the sterling silver.
a little heat or no heat, But we don’t have anything called cold.
06. 1989 3:52
Faced with the highest unemployment in 25 years, candidates are trying a variety of tricks, including:
The NBF have subsequently confirmed a $5,000 donation to the trust.
Italians call Mickey Mouse Topolino.
Rather to my amusement, however, I see that the NYT has just weighed in on hellfire. When the NYT is preaching the reality of hell, I feel that I should say a little more about some of the key scriptural texts involved.
Not sure how can the guy survive with all the freshly brew POO POO behind him. I think it's more to come... So managed to see where are the POO POO? If not don't worry, Scroll further for more POO POO
A fan might shout out, “But Katniss cared for her sister! See? She’s not unfeeling!” Yes, I got that Katniss cared for her sister. When she wasn’t talking about her weight/height (?) or about Gale being hot or about how Peeta doesn’t like her (?!) she talked about her sister. That’s all she talked about was her dang sister. Fine, I get that you love your sister. Just stop it! Katniss says over and over that Prim was a nice kind girl, everyone loved her, in fact her name was Mary Sue, etc etc. I understand from the very name Prim that this girl isn’t going to start a motorcycle gang. It got so redundant about Prim is nice and Prim is wonderful and Prim would do this or whatever about Prim that it just got really annoying.
Nobody answers to that question.
In teh end success depends on your ability to execute!
- Lil Nette
2) I finished The Iron King by Julie Kagawa on Thursday--and now I totes get why it's so popular! Review'll be on ze blog on Monday, but I find it a bit important to mention just how hot ASH is. See:
On the next clear, starry night, go outside, gaze upward at God’s heavens, and worship Him for marvellous His power and wisdom. Tell Him how much you love Him. Listen for His voice in your heart.
Chris Colfer
Facebook likes: 17,609
But all the panic in the cabin didn’t last long. Rob took control.
Beard hair is quite different to head hair; it is coarser, curlier and doesn’t fall out as we get older. Comparatively little work has been done on the genetics of human hair colour, but it is believed that in order to have a ginger beard you must be a carrier for the recessive gene on chromosome 4. With two copies of this gene you will have ginger hair all over, but with just one, the hair on your head will be brown or auburn and your beard will be ginger.
I can feel his warm staggered breath against my ear before I hear him, “You know, I’ve always loved you; I never stopped loving you.”
I went back to work on Monday after three weeks off. People keep asking "Are you better now?" and my answer is "Yeah - really well actually!" - like it's a surprise or something. It's great to feel well again.
So what’s next? I can’t say that I will never work full time again, but if I do it will be on my terms for my families benefit, not on some bosses terms for their families benefit.
Lloyd Brown, 28, Bronxville, N.Y.
Decloakings will be massive and happen for a sustained amount of time.
The English language is constantly changing, which is what makes it so vibrant.
I look out through the black tinted windows to see Darren and Tracy locked in a passionate kiss. The blood from his nose mixing with his dearly beloveds splattered lipstick.
Anyone who's known me for a while is familiar with my handbag saga. I am not a purse person; I have always found purses to be more accessory than I want. Need to stash my stuff? That's what pockets are for.
To be quite frank, I am glad we live in a society where people are free to take these extreme positions, but it gets my goat when they confuse the rest of us and stop a normal and friendly interchange between science and religion taking place. Most people see a place for both, and see them helping us sort out what life is about in complementary ways. I certainly do. who really wants to reduce love to sex? Having a family to passing on your genes? Making friends to a covert strategy for survival? Truth to what we can put in an equation or reproduce in an experiment? Beauty to the prejudice of the beholder?
3. Van has an Eighth Air Force Patch.
I allow my children to modify the games I make up and I encouage them to make up their own. Making up and then playing one's own game encourages a child to think through the implications of different rules. What makes a game fair or unfair? What makes a game challenging? What happens if you have too many "go back to the start" spaces? I think the kids enjoy having times when they can make up a game that is crazily unfair and they can laugh as I circle forever in a loop back to the beginning.
One of the things I love and miss about Hong Kong (or perhaps this applies to Asia in general) are the unusual foods that are available. About half of the snaps I've taken below and grouped together in this dessert post are Japanese snacks. Japanese cuisine and culture are extremely popular in Hong Kong and is evident in the many Japanese supermarket chains and department stores that make up some of the main shopping destinations in the thriving city.
Tomorrow’s class will meet in Room C207, the English department’s computer lab.
Later, in His last talk to His disciples before His passion and death, Christ tells them: I will pray the Father and He will give you another Comforter, that He may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of Truth (John 14:16).
‘‘(B) a review of the type of information shared with the Federal Government under this section;
By creating less waste I am helping the environment and making a social impact. I am impacting the environment by reducing the amount of air pollution and water pollution. Socially, I am helping to preserve the land, reduce climate change and air pollution so people can live healthy lives, and groundwater contamination, which keeps our water sources safe. Globally, I am reducing the garbage that is sent overseas to third world countries or released into the ocean where it pollutes the waters and endangers wildlife.
Certain regional allies of the US are also playing a dual game when President Karzai is going to take the Afghans into confidence over their future. The phenomenon that can hamper the Karzai’s initiative is the rising tide of violence. Even when all the Afghans want to get rid of wars and violence a minority of them can only thrive on the same. And this minority group is being patronised, financed and provoked by external financiers.
Who woke up to find that God had found those 23 sponsors within 24 hours? This sister.
Anyway, she said Bernestein wanted her and excited about news she was almost shaking. I prepared her tea and said I would support her till the end.
FIRST things FIRSTLY:
1999/2000 season, when he moved (June 1, 2000) to the Barbury Castle estate near Marlborough, Wiltshire, owned by one of his principal patrons, Nigel Bunter. King’s first win at the Cheltenham Festival came in 2004, when Fork Lightning won the Festival Trophy Handicap Chase. Among the best horses King has trained are Katchit (2007 Matalan Anniversary 4-Y-O Hurdle, 2007 JCB Triumph Hurdle, 2008 Champion Hurdle), Voy Por Ustedes (2008 & 2009 John Smith’s Melling Chase, 2006 Arkle Trophy, 2007 Queen Mother Champion Chase), My Way De Solzen (2006 Ladbrokes World Hurdle, 2007 Arkle Trophy, 2005 Long Walk Hurdle), Blazing Bailey (2008 Liverpool Hurdle, 2008
Hello Everyone! I hope you're still hanging with me out there and continuing to read the blog. I feel like I was at a stand still for about a month with the up and down fluctuation of my weight but I think I'm heading back downhill now. I lost another 1lb this week. I still have not had a beer during the week or any pop at all. I still tried to taper off my carbs throughout the day. On Easter I still managed to eat small portions of the things I wanted but Monday we were at a funeral all day so I didn't have my normal structured eating and I ate Easter leftovers on Tuesday so that all contributed to my weight I think. Also it was a busy week so I didn't get much exercise. But nonetheless I am happy to be down 1lb.
The Republican governor said signed the bill a day earlier, ending a multi-year effort to change state law. Lawmakers had passed repeals of the mandatory motorcycle helmet law before, but the measures were vetoed twice by then-Gov. Jennifer Granholm.
Then I took a shower, read a magazine, and passed-the-hell-out. And 24 hours later? My closet is still clean and organized. Yay for me!!
Let us begin at the beginning, the Making of Revolutionary Terrorist Rebels.
Cazzy: I used the Japanese scene and Japanese pack from Squigglefly and I managed to get the screen in there too. My little old lady is about to put up another lantern to celebrate. All the visitors have politely taken off their sandals and left them outside.
I am a bit of a grinch this year. I am just calling a spade a spade. I am not in the mood to decorate. I don't want to go to parties or shop for presents. If I could skip it all together I would, but I have a six year old who keeps asking where the tree is. I tried to pay her to NOT put up decorations, but she has yet to learn the value of bribery or a $20 bill. This time last year, I blogged about how Thomas' illness had helped me focus on the true meaning of Christmas and to forget about the fluff. You can read my thoughts last year here. As I was driving home tonight, I was thinking about all the things about Christmas that get on my nerves. I know. You each wish you were in the car with me to hear the running commentary.
I’m honored to have been asked to substitute host on The Micro Effect Broadcasting Network for Dr. A True Ott’s “The Story Behind The Story” radio program.
Jane Wills, Kavita Datta, Yara Evans, Joanna Herbert, Jon May and Cathy McIlwaine
Wharton used to enjoy going for a drink in an ordinary pub which is “being” as opposed to “becoming.” It is contentment in one’s culture and community not a constant striving to adopt a role created for us by progressives. We are social beings and it is the everyday pleasures in our communities in which we belong, that give us happiness. This respect for our everyday life leads to our duty to our families and responsibility for them, not to outsiders like the elites.
I hope you all have a wonderful long weekend :)
butter it
I didn't need to go through my shoes as I had purged some pairs not long ago. They just needed a tidy up. My youngest son just loves grabbing my shoes and throwing them around our robe. It seems like its a great source of entertainment for him but more work for me.
See Za? She is having so much fun, surrounded by her books. She is 'reading' them, which thrills me as a mommy-teacher. She is in one of the first stages of reading, yay! So while I think that, the other mommy side of me thinks, "she should take one or two out, put it back, and then get more." The root of this worry is that I don't want my kids to be dependent people who rely on others to clean after them.
A ‘Flight Over Ancient Shipwrecks’
1 tsp. table salt
After he has made his disciples teachers of lies and deceivers, he has no rest until he makes them murderers, robbers, and blood-dogs. For who has ordered them to bear the sword, to make war, and to urge men on and stir them up to murder and war, when their duty was to attend to preaching and prayer?
On the subject of the staff, overall I think that SBG has been received well. There are those who see it as a whole lot of work for no reason (thankfully in the minority) but mostly the staff see it as a positive and other staff are reporting their students are happier with the idea.
Oh yes, they're opened by the Spa Esprit group who also owns 40 Hands, Open Door Policy, House, Tippling Club, Skinny Pizza.... WOW.
Did you know the Louvre Museum in Paris is the largest art museum in the world? It was also the residency to kings prior to the Palace of Versailles and is, to this day, a historic monument that represents most nations. Aside from numerous pieces of famous artwork and exhibits, it even houses a McDonalds! (Talk about an experience that crosses cultural divides.)
Turnbull shouts for help and Kozrak and another guard come to his aid. They beat the broken Hex back into submission and Turnbull leaves the cell, letting Jonah nurse his wounds and contemplate his fate.
10-10-02 Jump Form: 2U0/43211412222/22211PU33P2/1P4402P32FP-26611 Owner: The Bill & Ben Partnership
****Then we count to three and pull them out again!
I’ll be in the midst of running a marathon in 12 hours! Eeek!
“We condemn organizations that are involved in terrorism,””
Happily, he got the picture because we had very nice transitions for the rest of the lesson. Christy pointed out how one or both ears was always fixed on me from then on out, so he was really ready to work. So next time he decides to leave his brain at home, I'll pull out some transitions to get him thinking.
It was elegant.
It's not nearly as much fun, nor nearly as cool as a set of Hindu prayer flags, but it really is only 'stuff".
Dave Bedggood / A Modem Greek Tragedy / 122
Next’s up is Best’s Beef Reduced Sodium Frankfurters. This is not to be confused with Best’s Kosher, an unrelated Chicago-based brand we did not have access to. This Newark New-Jersey company has been described as the default hot dog vendor used in Italian Hot Dog stands in the area surrounding its city of origin. It scored 4th highest on our entire survey, despite being low-sodium. Particularly liked was the texture of the dog, which while rated Medium on average, seemed pleasing.
I think i have the makeup down, and ill be getting my hair in bangs soon, but i need CLOTHES!!!!!!
Since retail forex traders have to pay a spread each time they enter a trade, forex day trading can be an expensive venture, especially if you have a broker that does not offer competitive spreads.
I have also gotten both of my tax refunds, so I have some shopping to do one of these days, no hurry on that though. It will be good to have some new footwear for both work and play.
-Gollum’s Song by Emiliana Torrini
In my life.
Angelou relates the story of "Tom", a slave who decides not to buy his way to freedom when he has the chance, stating "Boss, freedom is a little too high right now. I'm going to wait till the price come down" (p. 42). Quite a number of men are introduced in the 272 pages, including one actually called "Tom" (whom Maya denotes "Thomas", to differentiate herself from those around him), and presumably there more in the other books, but Angelou manages to describe them in a much more classy mode than Elizabeth Gilbert manages in her similarly autobiographical books, in particular, "Eat, Pray, Love". Probably this is in part because rather than lusting over backward cowboys*, Angelou states that "Intelligence always had a pornographic influence on me" (p. 108). Indeed, this is a book of substance. *SPOILER ALERT* (As if you really care - you wouldn't be reading a Scathing Weekly review if you did, so this is the last time I shall use that clichéd phrase) - Maya agrees to marry Tom, and "The decision to marry me automatically gave him authority to plan all our lives. I ignored the twinge which tried to warn me that I should stop and do some serious thinking" (p. 103). You just know it's not going to get any better with him from here in.
I'm still trying to figure out, like a great number of other rational Americans, just what the draw is over these girls.
Interviewer: Not only in Morocco. Also in other countries, which I won’t mention.
In fact, Gainsbourg's 'Aux armes et cætera,' album is responsible for breaking reggae in France and throughout the French speaking world. The album, which took less than a week to record, was released in April 1979 and was recorded in Jamaica with the cream of the crop of Jamaican musicians including Sly Dunbar, Robbie Shakespeare and The I Threes.
I will use Timothy Cheek’s « Living with Reform » to explain the historical context. I will try to demonstrate a historical constraint to changes in government. Also how and why the CCP seeks legitimacy of power through direct or indirect popular support.
She was straight up there feeling for currents, waiting to ride the air so’s she could save on her energy. A thing of beauty, she was, circling above me like she expected me to get out a chunk of meat and the lure.
When we got home, I stopped the car in the driveway and we listened to the last couple minutes. I laughed in delight when it came to a crashing end.
We want to take the children to SLC to experience conference in person when they turned 8. Carson went and LOVED it. His favorite General Authority is still Elder Hales. Maddie and I haven't been able to go yet because I was still nursing Brooke when she turned 8 and then we were planning to go this conference but we couldn't find good airfare. Luckily Maddie is a trooper and is okay waiting until next April. Thanks Maddie!
So you’ve worked very closely with your client establishing the brief, interrogating it and even challenging it. All very healthy and what you do, adding value as a professional, pushing the boundaries and improving the results….all very straight forward and normal.
Do Not Have Fear, Have Faith
About the same time Dr. Bender was conducting her electroshock experiments, she was also widely experimenting on autistic and schizophrenic children with what she termed other “treatment endeavors.” These included use of a wide array of psycho-pharmaceutical agents, several provided to her by the Sandoz Chemical Co. in Basel, Switzerland, as well as Metrazol, sub-shock insulin therapy, amphetamines and anticonvulsants. Metrazol was a trade name for pentylenetetrazol, a drug used as a circulatory and respiratory stimulant. High doses cause convulsions, as discovered in 1934 by the Hungarian-American neurologist and psychiatrist Ladislas J. Meduna.
For the power of suppression, consider those people whose most important characteristic is their Welshness, symbolised by Cymraeg, the language. This communal characteristic has become a symbol of identity, even individuality, because it has been so held down in the past.
Just a little background information about me, Samuel's mommee. When I haven't slept well, any and all coping mechanisms fly out the window. Knowing this, it was not good that I didn't sleep well Sunday and Monday evenings. I was tired on Tuesday. Monday evening I kept thinking "I need to get rest. Tomorrow is going to be hard." But did I get good rest? NO! Of course not!
Send the link, where you might be suspicious of a security threat.
Spare a thought for me, the poet, as you retire to your bed
That stupid 12th Union Elder is boasting and all. I think he’s addicted to his power. I think that he feels ‘invisible’ and nothing can touch him. If he had survived, I wonder if he would have realized that his ‘power’ is not truly that powerful at all. He’s boasting about killing humans, and that angered Raizel. Stupid 12th Union Elder. He deserves that outcome.
Thanks, girl! And things that make me different from others:
like a hot spring on an icy
I feel the responsibility of educating two young horses ( and it is a big responsibility) and I'm trying too much to progress, not just letting it happen, and the 'trying' is putting its own limits on us.
Now coffee is the branch of chains
I want to talk about chaos. With airbrush and acrylic, you must work in a very organized way. You have no choice. With a computer, your process could be very chaotic. This little walkthrough will be a good example. «Fuchsia» is a picture I did several years ago.
4. Pumpin' 4 the Man 2:17
Meanwhile Mugabe’s government, in line with long-established practice, is leveling accusations in several directions.
“Well, look at the hole in this roof. I can see the dining room, and everyone is eating. Let’s try to get their attention.”
Presented in partnership with: Cinereach, New York magazine, Verizon Fios and Council Member Letitia James
9. Cove Island
Willett Rye, 3 years old, Single Barrel (Barrel 6), 55% abv ($36)
I can't wait to get all my orders and see how they work out. I went a little crazy this week, but have been on a shopping hiatus for a while so I was saving up! Anyone else find any good deals lately???
You may have heard that we're still paying this Emergency Tax. Well, that's not really true; we're no longer paying a 10% Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax. Don't be silly; that was over 70 years ago! No, we're paying an 18% Johnstown Flood Emergency Tax for an "emergency" that ended 71 years ago, because the State raised the tax to 15% in 1963 and then again to 18% in 1968. That's some emergency.
I sure am a boring person without cigarettes. I'm like dull Jane sitting here behind the computer. I've even made more coffee to liven myself up with. Mostly I've been sitting here caught in thought and not even thinking anything of importance. I'm so easily distracted from what I'm doing. It's one way to spend the early morning hours.
Me: Can I ask something? In all seriousness, can I ask you to do me a favor?
The majority of people I come into contact with, who are not Christians say he is a fairytale, a Alien, or a person created to control the masses.
As a celebrity she feels she should set the right example.
This of course has been a question that has been with us for some time, in many countries legislation has been passed to give individuals more rights and protection against surveillance and of course the use of spying equipment. There is no doubt that such protection is required however it is strange how in all of these countries the legislative authorities continue to propagate the use of CCTV cameras in our streets roads shopping malls etc.
What a planet!
it is Not enjoyed by more Aristocratic Brasilians!)
HIT....
to seek just you
Me: Thank you.
There is a world out there. A huge division..with people in it..a part of it. And birds and animals…and sun and stars and there is the moon. Green grass and blue skies..which change colour. And rain!!
Who came up with the name Twinn Connexion?
* Techniques (sewing, hand stitching, gathering fabric)
Sunday was a day to kick back, take in some afternoon hockey, and taste some fine beer. My friend Steve has been complaining about the amount of beer he has just sitting, not being consumed, and I've had the same problem as of late. What to do? Impromptu tasting, that's what.
'Paint your own gumboots'!!!!!!
2 letter
-mm
Oh yea, Net savvy all the way I smiled to myself. She signed up on Facebook and Orkut to communicate with people of different places and learned the tricks of cyber world in no time.
Yep! Ok it can be a little awkward at first. But once you get used to the video chat it’s pretty stinkin’ awesome. You’ll be learning with a small group of youth pastosr from all over the country, sharing your experience, wisdom and ideas.
The team was actually together for only a short time. Their relationship was acromonious, and in fact was the basis of the more bilious aspects of Neil Simon’s Sunshine Boys. In reality, Gallagher and Shean were apart far more than they were together.
I will admit I am intrigued by little-house-in-the-prairie-like endeavours such as curing meat, making my own cheese, yogurt or sourdough bread. But these are just more things that require planning, focus and time. And that is why I finally gave in to another food fad, the mother of all food fads actually: no knead bread.
Now you will forever be singing and playing in the life that comes after this.
Something is bugging me but it might be just my imagination or over-thinking… knowing the old me, it could very possibly be just all in my head. In case it is not, here is what I have to say about the occurrence. If you don’t want to talk to me, that’s fine, you can just tell me. I will respect that and won’t ever bug you anymore. I don’t think being treated this way is what I deserve but that’s just a part of life. I will live with it and I apologize for whatever I might have done to lead our friendship to this point. Would love to know what happened but I guess I will never know and I am ok with that. I think I got your point now…
Ed Dog is special.
The Gathering Room at The Timbers
Here is the cut, the way that the cricut made it. I used the tag option from the Damask Decor cartridge. Because I had trouble getting the detail cuts to come out at the same size, I ended up just cutting this cupcake apart to create the sections of my mask. If you have an image with separate pieces though, it would be easier to cut the different pieces and the background and then use the layers as the parts of your mask.
We don't have many rules as we want this to be a fun challenge blog, but please can I remind everyone that the instructions for each challenge need to be followed and failure to do so will mean your entry will not be included in the winner's draw, Top 3 or GD, as much as we hate to remove an entry this only makes it fair to all those who have entered and followed the challenge correctly. We are happy for you to combine your entry with as many other challenges as you wish, but please no back linking, it must be a newly posted entry.
Once it's all arranged the way I want, I usually leave it overnight. I think of this as a steeping or gelling process. The pieces need time to get to know each other and see if they're going to ultimately be compatible. And I need to be able to come back to it with fresh eyes.
At this point, the 4:00 pace group was way out of sight and I started to get really upset. It only took a few seconds for the feeling to come back in my foot and when I started running again and realized that I was right on pace but I was still upset that they were so far ahead of me. By Mile 5, my foot had gone completely numb again and I just wanted to quit. I couldn't run like this for 20+ more miles and it was already hot and humid and I was letting everything get to me. I stopped to walk again to let the feeling come back in my foot and took the walking break to clear my head. I was right on pace for where I wanted to be and my legs felt great. If the 4:00 pace group wanted to be running 40 seconds faster than what was necessary for a 4:00 marathon, then they could go ahead. I was going to run my own race. And run my own race I did.
Angel Face Consultants
To make a long story short, I will be rewriting several paragraphs.
According to my unscientific scale, Laughing Boy receives a “well worth reading, especially for young adults”. I think almost anyone could get into the story of two young people falling in love but struggling to know how much they should (or can) live up to the expectations surrounding them. For adolescent folk, I think this is an especially powerful topic. This isn’t an afterschool special: it’s not clear that either of them really makes the right decisions in critical moments. But I think it would provoke the right questions, and perhaps prompt the right kinds of dialogue, for someone who finds themselves in a similar situation. Seriously, this one should not have been forgotten: go borrow a copy from the library, and see how it strikes you.
Gladys Knight & Tristan MacManus – Samba
booth.
Excitingly, it seems that both the USA and Europe are continuing to push hard with solar power. Whilst some of Europe’s latest projects are extremely large, they are still very much in a planning phase. The USA is starting to make some very large leaps forward, and even if it doesn’t catch up to Europe in the next few years, it’s important to remember that solar power is always a matter of large, long-term investment – a very large amount of funding is required up front, and so getting such projects as the Florida plan into action bodes well for the future of renewable energy generation. As the Desertec website reminds us – by 2050, we will need three Earth’s to support mankind if we don’t increase our renewable energy production, and if the Sahara were covered in solar panels, it would meet our annual energy needs in just six hours.
I used to see the moon and the stars
This metaphor of being invited to the table makes me feel like I am still at the kids’ table. I may be in leadership over everyone else at that table, but I am still considered “a kid.” Even if I’m invited to sit at the adults’ table, I’m not really one of them. I’m just a kid with a new seat, closer to the mashed potatoes.
Thanks for stopping by!!!
This cake is very very yummy. I made it this afternoon and there is about 2 slices left. Perfect for supper, which will be as soon as I hit the publish button!
PS. You smell of curry.
make war out of love
pain
“That’s not funny,I know he’s dead, that’s why I called you. So you could see for yourself.” Jacobs looked like he was starting to unravel.
Please see the price, availability and delivery terms and conditions of Go-Ped GTR46i Trail Ripper Interceptor Gas Powered Full Suspension Off Road Scooter on the merchant’s site by click on the links above.
Somehow, someway, that mom started shushing her daughter. She shushed her daughter when her daughter expressed interest in things the mother didn't think were "right". She shushed her daughter by fearing that her daughter would do drugs in her absence. She shushed her daughter when her daughter expressed the desire to hang out with friends. She shushed her daughter by trying to be a louder voice and hoping with all hopes that her voice would be so loud and so right that her daughter would see her wisdom and take it and use it in exactly the way the mother wanted her to do.
Sorry I’m two days late! To make it up, I am going to do a blog post to land in the top 10 best EVER.
Orleans – Love Takes Time
The most common style is brut -- there is an extra or ultra brut, but you'll rarely see it, especially in the U.S. Brut has 0 to 15 grams of sugar per liter. Then comes extra sec with 12-20 grams, sec at 17-35, demi-sec at 35-50, doux at more than 50 and also extremely rare. You're usually dealing with brut style in this country, and it's a versatile wine for meals, desserts or just quaffing.
One may try, but it will not be overwhelmed so easily.
SIDOTI: "Do you fault the administration for not catching him though? I mean, they've had quite a few years going after him."
If elections are not called by June, then it is unlikely to take place until next year. Fasting starts at the end of July, with Hari Raya falling in the third week of August while the Haj season begins in September and ends in November.
Having been blind-sided by cancer, she titled her book Bright-Sided, after the assaults on realism with which governments and corporations work to reduce scrutiny, criticism, and the impulse to reform.
I stood there stunned for a second but then survival mode kicked back in.
The cover and info on this fortnight's edition of Doctor Who Monster Invasion magazine:
The best way I’ve found to remember a swim set is either to:
My therapist said yesterday that sometimes the simple act of saying something aloud can take it's power to keep you stuck away. Being able to talk to Debbie every week and to feeling safe to come here and share with you is so very wonderful. Knowing that you understand makes me feel so much better.
Obama did not agree to the release of his application to the Illinois State Bar, which would have cleared up intermittent allegations that his application may have been inaccurate.
“As a protest, my bro has stopped donating to NUS. He told the sch that he doesn’t want any foreigners to benefit from his donation. He’ll rather donate to organisations that help needy Singaporeans.”
Copy obtained from the library
Put the ol foot up and read a book. All day. I finished the book with a sigh, rolled over and contemplated dinner. I made a beautiful little tapas plate, and plum tartin for dessert. Hot and with frozen yogurt. A bottle of wine. For myself.
The study, mentioned above, showed that among older Taiwanese people, at least twice weekly shopping could raise life expectancy an average of 27 per cent. Surprisingly, men engaged in retail therapy more than women. Researchers believed it was not all about the buying but companionship and exercise could be factors.
Harry Ricketts
The author’s house is set in deep countryside in the Southwest of France, 45 miles from the Pyrenees and the Spanish border. Every guest room is en suite, and guests are also offered use of the pool.
My co-workers comments were momentarily irksome, but, on reflection perfectly reasonable. More than once I have been moved to ask of myself what interests me about this bottle. Do I think that I will perceive in its gently decrepit state the still living remains of great brewing? The brewers that I have come across would be appalled to face a similar scrutiny. Their concern is to bring beer to readiness, then ship it,hoping that diligent publicans will do it justice. Time and oxygen are their enemy.
05. Sudden ride (00:42)
There are lots of wonderful prints available in her shop already (formerly Sew Fresh Fabric offerings) but these Blend prints are new acquisitions and others are coming. She has ordered some Lecien basics (a few stripes and dots, some ginghams and some florals), the complete Bella collection from Lotta, the new bark prints from Birch's Camp Modern, some Dear Stella prints, a few bolts from the NRockwell collection from Timeless, most of Mama Said Sew from Sweetwater, a new smaller chevron stripe from Riley Blake and some smaller dots as well, and an assortment of Penelope from Lakehouse Dry Goods. I want it all! It's going to be really hard to be good--be careful when you click over.
And Pharisees came up to him and tested him by asking, “Is it lawful to divorce one’s wife for any cause?” He answered, “Have you not read that he who created them from the beginning made them male and female, and said, ‘Therefore a man shall leave his father and his mother and hold fast to his wife, and the two shall become one flesh’? So they are no longer two but one flesh. What therefore God has joined together, let not man separate.” They said to him, “Why then did Moses command one to give a certificate of divorce and to send her away?” He said to them, “Because of your hardness of heart Moses allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it was not so. (ESV)
Watch and decide for yourself..
"Isn't this waste of time supposed to be about team building." Ethan says wearily.
- I can't believe I'm only a few days away from meeting our class of 6th graders. I'm excited and nervous at the same time! I hope they like me. I hope I do a good job. I hope it all starts to come naturally, because sometimes I feel like I'm going to be totally lost once there are kids in those 26 desks! It's going to be so weird to start answering to Mrs. Sorensen.
I’ve removed my Flickr feed from my sidebar (because, let’s be honest, you weren’t looking at it anyway) and put up the Tag Cloud widget instead. It’s about what you’d expect– 23 Things and Archives are the big 2, with Social Media coming in 3rd and Facebook a distant 4th. Everything else is tiny, which suggests to me that I haven’t been tagging my posts effectively enough (yet another reason the tag cloud is useful– as guilt!). But you get the general idea– you can quickly look at the cloud and see what most of my posts are about. So, it’s not that Tag Clouds are USELESS… far from it… but a discussion of Folksonomy would be MORE useful from an access/outreach point of view. Disappointing to see it and not see what RAO had to say.
It's a simple, yet powerful tale, masterfully told. First time writer/director, Warwick Thornton follows the film's two protagonists, a pair of Aboriginal kids living in a run-down community in Central Australia. Against a backdrop of neglect, a most unlikely love story plays out - one that speaks as much to the resilience of Australia's Aborigines as it does to the casual cruelty with which they are forced to live everyday.
You can do this as often as you want but if your query isn't selected after a couple tries, it probably won't be.
So modern physics has given us these two ideas, both of which are interesting, and both of which resonate with our informal notion of “coming into existence out of nothing” — one of which is time evolution from empty space (or not-even-space) into a universe bursting with stuff, and the other of which posits time as an approximate notion that comes to an end at some boundary in an abstract space of possibilities.
5. The Death Cure by James Dashner
A virtuous woman. Two simple Hebrew words that pack the punch. Obviously, one of them is woman or wife, but do you know what the other one means? It doesn't mean virtuous, or excellent, or capable. It doesn't mean of noble character.
And this is great because I haven't shared many personal posts on my blog yet, though I do try to insert tidbits about me in every post.
(Photo Credit and Pedicure: Baby Sister of the Moosians, 9/10/11)
Will I get to see a lot of Steldor?
Don Wilson (Lib Dem) 1926
Firstly on Sunday evening Daughter-of-Furtheron and I were in the Swimathon. I first did this in 1989 and was a regular participant for years, but I haven't done it the last couple of years. We were both in the 5,000m individual challenge, D-o-F for the first time. Well we both completed it, both raised our sponsorship targets (but you can add to that if you'd like to!). D-o-F completed in 1 hour 33min and 37 seconds... hugely impressive and betters my best ever time by a few mins. I managed 1 hour 56 min 27 seconds - frankly to get under 2 hours was a surprise for me, I'd not trained the last couple of weeks due to the migraine issues and I pulled a muscle about 150 lengths in, I felt it go and the last 50 were difficult, the last 20 utter agony!
'cause the whole world's got to be just like us.
A chain gang is a group of prisoners, chained together at the ankles, wearing striped prison garb, breaking rocks with sledge hammers and pick axes. The purpose is twofold: to put the offender to hard labor, and to humiliate them while they serve their time.
Correspondents in the Church of England Newspaper in the early part of 1995 reflected on the Evangelical Leaders Conference held in January of that year, when the definition of evangelical was raised once again. Those committed to the inerrancy of Scripture were criticised and it was insisted that the true evangelical must leave room for the humanity of the Biblical writers. It was a controversy sadly reminiscent of the separation of the Inter Varsity Fellowship from the Student Christian Movement in the 1920s. The so called open evangelical is apparently ready to accept not only errors in the Bible but contradictions between Jesus and Paul, together with serious ambiguities about moral guidance. 1996 saw the publication of Strangers and Friends, written by a professing evangelical so open that he is able to grant biblical validity for homosexual practice.
Of course, delivering on your mission statement is the trick, isn’t it?
The Olympic Torch was lit in Athens yesterday and is now on it’s way to London for the 2012 Olympic Games.
Technology ever-ready at finger-tips and creating instant gratification. Verbal and physical bullying coupled with cyber-bullying. Reality-tv that seems to be the furthest thing from actual reality for most people. Video games so life-like, they are basically movies with their own rating system. Death not only seen in movies or on tv shows, but images on the nightly news and can be found everywhere on internet.
Already up there /
Primitive Culture: Xander's amazing photographs and equally fascinating narratives make me want to follow in his tracks wherever he goes.
I don’t think I am a hoarder so much, I am more of a lazy follow through-er……(they all say that!!!) But I will continue to try. As long as my need to streamline is greater than my slow response mode I will survive.
a frame. We can prune the dead grass from our vision, censor it. The entire forest could be
I ain't no loner
When will people wake up and realise that we should leave the idealistic wanna-be-politicians to strive for their dreams so we can get on with the task of taking care of ourselves, of becoming proactive, of facing the reality of where we are living, that we are living in a dangerous black African State, not in a civilised western white country.
The thing is, I’ve always been the sort of person to keep busy. I hate boredom and I get bored easily so having this much time to myself is a bit daunting to be honest. I don’t like it, but sometimes you have to take two steps back to take a step forward.
Luke 18:1-8
So...bad news....I didn't see the northern lights. Nota hint, not a sign, not a mere wisp. Nada, nuthin. It was a clear and cold night, but there weren't nuthin' happening of a magnetic, light show, freaky sort of nature. I checked. Muchly.
SUNDAY AUGUST 28th
Roasted Asparagus with Balsamic-
Social Networking: Believe it or not, the use of social networks, in a business setting, is not to get “Likes” and “Followers,” but to provide another vector for you to engage your online audience. As I stated before, you don’t have to blog everyday to interact with your audience, there are people out there that do that for a living. You can use those already existing articles from sites/blogs that you regularly visit yourself. Your audience will be thankful to you for providing them with the extra information, and the site/blog you’re referencing will be thankful for the referral. As you may have guessed, I am quite a tech nerd, so I regularly read sites like Mashable, Tech Crunch and Gizmodo to stay up-to-date with tech news. I regularly find useful articles on those sites and can share the links on Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn and Twitter so the Alloy Productions audience can get useful information without me having to sit down and write an article everyday. I can also share links from my current client base, making their online presence more meaningful and giving it a wider reach.
A pair of leggings underneath my pyjamas? Check
I’ve received tons of letters from people asking advice about the entertainment industry and, in particular, pursing a life as an actor.People have also asked how I got to be on The Office.This blog, I hope, will address some of those questions.
In today’s schools it seems physical education is getting cut from the budget anyway, but I do think it’s a good idea to incorporate Zumba to get the kids moving (they’ll think they are dancing). I would have done Zumba over square dancing any day (although it was an opportunity to touch cute boys who never talked to you under normal circumstances).
The EDL are nothing but a further front for Zionist intent pushing forward with their agenda regardless of the wishes of this countries host population, those who support and protest on behalf of the EDL do a disservice to our ancestors, to our nation and in the final analyse
This time it is for a smaller group, 25-30 players as they watch game tape. It doesn’t have to be much, they say. I decided that I wanted to make beef stew.
I want to personally thank EVERYONE that shared their pee story. It means a lot to know I'm not totally alone in this :)
After hanging up,he looks at the hoarding in front of him advertising a hair care product promising the classic oxymoronic promise of delivering a “new and improved” version,unsure of what he was looking at or what was he asked to do.A minute later,he brushes the confusion away and starts walking to the butcher’s shop down the street.
All is flux, nothing is stationary.
amadou n,; tinder made from tree-growing fungi, also used as styptic. Useful to know next time you are in a forest & need to stop bleeding. Very Ray Mears sort of information.
“We all just went there thinking it was going to be a cool, chilled day and right at the end it got crazy,” said Salsbery, 26.
Puff the Magic Dragon ... ABC Family ... 8:30 AM
Words are not the problem, it's facing what they mean that Goldberg can't handle. "Israel-firster" is literally more descriptive than any of the terms he uses to demonize his opponents. To the extent "neo-Nazi", "fascist", and "anti-semitic" mean anything it amounts to "anti-jew" - which is exactly the kind of thing a jew-firster would be concerned about. Jefferey Goldberg is both a jew-firster and an Israel-firster. Israel and jews literally come first in his mind.
Sovereign - Blonde ale (3.8% ABV)
Tom Cizauskas has identified Harold "Howie" Faircloth III as the original brewer for the Wharf Rat when it opened in 1992. Faircloth would later move on to open the Globe Brewing Co. on Key Highway in 1995, then on to Vermont, brewing at The Shed Brewery and Restaurant in Stowe (closed in late 2011), and now a co-owner of Green Mountain Distillers.
5. Wichita State Shockers
Gentlemen of the Press,
Q: I love your book Zachary's Ball. How were the Red Sox autographs collected in the book for the First Book fundraiser? Had you ever tried collecting autographs, in person or TTM, before?
Freedom to eat when hungry, sleep when tired, use the bathroom as needed without permission.
We’ll all race out to the bus. I’ll arrive too early panicked that we won’t get our stuff in time and then have 35 minutes to warm-up, stretch a little and get in the groove.
AWP: What childhood experience has served you many times?
"I wonder if I was created for such a glorious future?" The fir tree rejoiced. "Why, that is better than to cross the sea. I'm tormented with longing. Oh, if Christmas would only come! I'm just as tall and grown-up as the trees they chose last year. How I wish I were already in the cart, on my way to the warm room where there's so much splendor and glory. Then-then something even better, something still more important is bound to happen, or why should they deck me so fine? Yes, there must be something still grander! But what? Oh, how I long: I don't know what's the matter with me."
The media and pr internship would take place at one of two offices-either SpotLightSeattle or Realogics Sotheby’s and will focus on, among other things, writing, strategy, social media and media outreach. There would also likely be some administrative components. The internships would be unpaid and for school credit, and can be flexible in terms of time of year, scheduling and length of internship.
So much to organise, but the salient points (or those that Rebecca & I were struck by) were that small children & other siblings should not be allowed to be disruptive, if they could possibly be left somewhere else/locked in a small windlowless room then all the better AND would parents please not talk amongst themselves while the children were singing, if we could request those caught chattering to shut up then that would be a good thing...
So put aside your fear because God is always here.
One misguided therapist says, “I think you feel like you’re lacking in attention in some way. What is it you need from your husband that you’re not getting?” Huh???????We’ve been married 12 years and he just found out. I’m good at this attention seeking thing. NOT!
You can help make history! You can sign up to be an indexing volunteer and designate the volunteer group you wish to be affiliated with - if you have one. The next step is to download the indexing software. And get started making the index available free and to the public!
Of course, we have been in these waters before. Animee seems to be on permanent discount in Morrisons and Carlsberg’s offerings seem to sink faster than the Titanic. However, Coors see this is a much bigger venture and do become the first big brewer to launch a new 2.8% beer under an existing major brand name. Whether this will be of great commercial advantage, we will have to wait and see.
Appendix A: Expositional Sermon on Isaiah 53
Not a day goes by that we are not amazed at how awesome you are.
And all our politicians are waiting for someone else to do something about it.
The down economy hasn’t helped — people with less money at their fingertips don’t choose to spend their dollars on their eventual burials.
And yet...
Did I mention that it’s open enrollment season at work and that my company is discontinuing the HMO plan I have? That means even more research on the plans our companies are offering to see which we should choose and whether we should keep individual health insurance after we marry or transfer to an employee + spouse option in March. We also decided to enroll in a legal service offered through work so we could use them for our will and power of attorney fun that we have to set up for this trip, and for a pre-nup that says I, Tara, will get everything should Mike ever decide to travel solo.
The Clock
I could sleep with my cat,
We Need Our Streets, We Need Connectivity
Now it's your turn, just remember the rules, Only 1 entry per person and no back links to old posts, have fun!!
Several weeks after we moved in, I led an expedition through the rabid-wolf-jungle outside the front door. Our mission was floral in nature and despite the clear and present danger, the kids and I were actually having a good time. But as the sun rose higher and hotter, the children started asking to go inside and I was glad to have an excuse to call it a day.
#142 Melissa Made
In 1996 the first studiorecorded record was released - "Feels like Buzz Aldrin". It was recorded in mono at Jo-Allan's Recording Service in Hallstahammar, Västmanland, Sweden. "Feels like Buzz Aldrin" got great reviews; 8 out of 10 in POP Magazine, happy figures and 4 out of 5s and 6 in Dagens Nyheter, SvD, Nöjesguiden etc. It was raised all up to the skies by Per Bjurman at Aftonbladet and Mats Olsson at Expressen.
There will be some overlap, and a more detailed brief for each, and obviously during the non creative ones (Smoothies) I will also be doing things to keep distracted from the hunger…..
MightyNest is thrilled to participate in the May Buffet Giveaway Hop starting tomorrow and they sent me a 2-pack of Wean Green Glasslock Glass Square Snack Cubes (7 oz) for review.
Not ever.
traced circles, lines and curves
The spec of the Dev Alpha isn’t important beyond the screen size and resolution, according to RIM; this is more a test device than a true prototype. But it should give a realistic feel for app performance, Neil said.
Bonneh, Y.S., Belmonte, M.K., Pei, F., Iversen, P.E., Kenet, T., Akshoomoff, N., Adini, Y., Simon, H.J., Moore, C.I., Houde, J.F., & Merzenich, M.M. (2008). Cross-modal extinction in a boy with severely autistic behaviour and high verbal intelligence. Cognitive Neuropsychology, 25, 635-52.
World Of Sorrow
So the challenge is to create 2 windows on your card - they can be of any shape or size, as long as you can see something on the inside peeking out. Perhaps it will be patterned paper or a stamped image that you can see. Whatever you decide will work as long as you have 2 windows!
Try to get some strength training in. This one will be a hard one, simply because of time. And if I have to choose one or the other, I’ll be lacing up my running shoes and heading out the door. But, I need to add something extra in if I can.
You may also consider surgery as a flat wart removal method. There are basically 3 types of surgery that can be used:
(Mom comes in.)
They then have to evaluate assertions about themselves, such as ‘I always honour people’s trust in me’ and ‘I am good at exercising self-control’. Those taking part then receive a report naming them as one of six personality types – Philosopher, Judge, Angel, Teacher, Enforcer or Guardian.
Babyboy -- a remote control dog
I walked the course and one of my team mates found me. The course was in an indoor the size of a large dressage arena. So the course was tight and twisty, it looked like a ton of fun! I was excited!
"The Promenade Dress.
♥ I had my follow-up appointment yesterday from my surgery two and a half weeks ago. (I can’t believe it’s been that long already! Craziness!) Everything went really well. Our RE had the same thoughts that we did…we want to wait until this summer to start medicated cycles should they be needed. We’re going to just let nature take it’s course, and if nothing has happened by June, we’ll be headed back to Magee’s to pursue treatment. I want to see if things get better for me now that I’m all clear! :)
Before you set out to begin buying for evening dresses, you need to initial know what colour, length, style of dress you would like. What’s much more essential is the fact that we figure out when the dress which you wish to purchase is suitable for the occasion and formality with the occasion with the evening.
“The time you had above your poor degree,
Even if I do, even if I don’t, I walk on by
I HAVE to share these. I've received several letters like these, but these were the only two I could find without spending a month going through my saved mail. I cried when I read them. I bawled! I really don't want to sound like I'm tooting my own horn, but I am so happy that I've been able to do this. To brighten someone's day like this.
I hate that I feel like I have to be supermom .. and I feel like I'm sucking at it and I"m at HOME now. How is it going to be when I do go back to work?
Have you seen the official College Collection by Vineyard Vines?? I would really, really, really love the Clemson tote! If I had extra money to throw around, this would be at the top of my list!
So tonight, I’m marking this date down in history also. April 23, 2011. John asked the redhead to write to him and tell her what was on her heart.
Hey, I know I ain't alone and I also know that you guys do hear, and prolly have had yer own silent screams runnin' around in yer noggin's.
Anna Brown went to the emergency room at St. Mary’s on September 21, 2001, complaining of pain so severe in her legs that she could not stand. Ms. Brown had already sought help at 2 other area hospitals and was turned away. This time, desperate for relief from her agony, she refused to leave.
“I’m sssorry, I didn’t mean to, you know, run into you . . .”
I miss many of you. I know I've been scarce. I just had to blog about this. I'm thankful my son will extend his methadone use, for now. I can't believe I'm saying that, but his body isn't ready yet.
Your weaknesses are inspirational opportunities, especially if you’re loved. For example, acknowledging your inability to create systems gives place for system builders to step up.
Before leaving the house I was trying to recall the name of the pub in Higham. According to the Internet it was the Greyhound - I knew it wasn't, because there are two, and it aint that one! The Internet, where everything is true, then told me it was called the Three Horseshoes. So this is all I had, along with a half remembered mental picture of the pub being near the cross. The Red Arrow follows the main road which passes the Greyhound, but then bypasses the old village centre. My only gripe about the Red Arrow is that its coaches don't seem to have a bell - anyone getting off thus far had just got up and announced their desire to disembark. I did this at seeing the Greyhound, and then waited 5 minutes for the bus to set off a goodly distance round the corner away from Higham village.
The lyrical aspect is mind-blowing. Ikon’s metaphors and obscure references to all kinds of esoteric and weird shit and Jus Allah’s raw, barbaric delivery make for a dense, almost encyclopedic album; it’s like Salman Rushdie and Umberto Eco said fuck it and started rapping in front of the auditorium instead of giving eloquent speeches about potatoes or whatever the fuck smart people talk about.
A few nights ago I was shown a page full of “keep on truckin’” quotes. (To be honest I think it was actually “hang in there,” but I desperately wanted to use the word “truckin’”). It was full of good quotes, many of them inspirational, some of them funny, all of them positive. I read through them with a smile on my face.
Today was an awesome day! I spent it with Tricia and Ashley in Ashley's closet. The stylishly cool Tricia was a wonderful addition to my closet ideas and Ashley's lively and diverse closet made outfit styling so entertaining! Ashley's closet held a mix of career separates, girly pieces, and rocker glam.
The pictures that I have
Maybe she was right. Maybe I was the one for this job. One
Here’s a look at some of the key issues to consider as Google tries to learn about you.
Heat the wine and water in a large pan with a few tbsp. sugar, the fruit, and spices until the sugar is dissolved and steam is rising. DO NOT BOIL. We don't want the alcohol to evaporate!
So ya see, even though I would say I have a long way to go and have so much to learn, I stepped out of my comfort zone, tried something new and ya know what, I actually had a blast. I learned a thing or two and helped a friend save some cash. And she’s gonna need it too. She will be making a trip this summer to California to watch this young man graduate boot camp as a United States Marine. She couldn’t be more proud.
It (what is “it?” is it grief? pain? sadness?) washes over and through and around me, surrounds me and sucks me down; drowning me in a bottomless sea of sadness and loneliness! I hate my job, I love my job; I hate New York; I love New York; I miss my family; I don’t want anything to do with my family - all they do is die and get sick or make me feel bad that I can’t (won’t) do more for them. I have no one to talk to, not that I WANT to talk to anyone, no one to listen to me, not that I have anything to say. No where to pour my heart and soul and fears and tears and whines and complaints, and the few small joys when they dare to raise their little heads, as if I would be able to vocalize or physicalize them, as if there really was a heart or soul alive in me anymore and the longer I go, the deader I feel...walking into a frozen fjord, growing number and colder with every step. No one to slap me out of this silly little mood, if that is what I need, nothing to physically, mentally divert my attentions...I have never felt so isolated and lost and small.
Further surveillance allows the police to ascertain the time and place of the meet between Mister D and the fence, upon which they swoop. Mister D, the fence, and their companions are arrested, and merchandise stolen in the original jewel heist recovered from the possession of Mister D, who confesses to his role in that crime. A warrant is issued for Mister A's arrest and he is informed, untruthfully, that Mister D has fingered him, Mister B, and Mister C for the initial heist. He is also shown the jewellery recovered from Mister D, upon which he admits his part in the crime and testifies against Mister B and Mister C, something which Mister D refused to do. All four men are sentenced to long jail sentences.
However, his main point has stayed in the back of my mind since then, and I'm continually reminded of how important it is, and how often I see people who clearly don't get it.
In the beginning,
May 27th: Gingerbits: Wedding Memory Box by Columnist Carol Fox
Japanese people hate temperature.
Thank you all so much for your support. It means so much to us.
For years I've thought about surveys. You see the results through poll statistics and leading indicators. The information is collected by experts, the numbers are crunched with super computers in a cryogenic bath and all of the information is beyond reproach. Otherwise, little escapes this process and all of the human race benefits from the results.
Yet I see no force for them anywhere, no voice for the poor ,the hard done by, the lonely and the disabled, the old look back to a better age whilst the young look to a nothing future, plastic engulfs the very nation and the east grows fat upon the pound. Yes unfairness drives me to anger, anger because its is all I have ever known and I expect all I will ever know, I see the predator moving among good people, the criminal amassing wealth and the worker paying thee greatest criminals of all and I seek change, seek freedom from it but a lone voice creates no resonance. My life has been one of poverty, of scrimp and scrap, of shoddy diet and shoddy goods, of yes I suppose envy of those who have and anger at the plight of the many. Yet it is not so much for myself I lament, although I am still young enough to still desire a life, still yearn for freedom from financial slavery but for my children, for that most precious of things to me, my children.
I always say if you want to know what ordinary South Africans think, read the Daily Sun. And, as the horrific rape-video shows us, these ordinary South Africans - the petrol attendants and taxi drivers, the domestic workers and nurses, the man in the blue overalls who make up the 5-million plus readers of the Daily Sun - will turn more readily to the press than the authorities for help.
She has turned up occasionally in movies and television shows, and she was nominated for Emmy for her role as the sexy and unforgettable Mercedes saleswoman Gloria Trullo in Sopranos in 2001. All of us Sopranos fans remember this foxy character. Source: Wikipedia
Although you can send most anything anywhere it costs more, takes longer and it's getting harder to find a post office or a mailbox.
Challenge 3 is a little bit different and we think a whole lot of fun. We want you to build a scene on your project. This means that you should start with a background picture and build it up with other items that are on the same theme to make a picture, and you can see what we mean if you look at the examples below.
While I was running I passed so many restaurants and their outdoor seating. People having a drink or dinner and chatting with friends while enjoying the lovely evening. Now that spring is here (and summer soon enough) I'm sure that will be me on a future evening. But last night I enjoyed my multi-tasking run followed by having dinner while curled up on my couch. I suppose the next time someone asks how I'd spend an evening alone I know my answer.
I took my picture back to my desk and suddenly felt really bad. I looked at young Kateka, as if she were a completely different human being from myself, as if that young girl was just off down the street playing and having fun - not me, not a grown up, not a person looking at young Kateka's picture and making fun of it. Because at the moment of this picture, young Kateka felt pretty, confident, excited, happy, and she would have never thought that twenty-ish years later someone would be looking at that picture and saying, "LOOK HOW UGLY SHE IS." Young Kateka didn't deserve that, even from older Kateka. She was just doing her best. Maybe she wasn't the prettiest, best kid around, but she tried to portray all the goodness that was in her in that picture.
Spending time with interesting people
On planet does the Prof live?
Did you like it?
“What’s that, daddy?”
There are a good range of shades available from very dark (Toffee) to very light (Ivory) with both pink and yellow undertones covered. The shade I have is Light Beige which really suits me.
Phreak: In my mind, Teemo’s already gotten buffs.
It’s troubling, to say the least, picturing the President ordering unilateral military force with the Nobel Peace Prize dangling around his neck.
Compelling Jonas onward is the desire to know something of his brother who died under curious circumstances in front of a train. The cause of his death is particularly curious because, in the course of his discovery, Jonas learns that Paul had a rather intense love affair with another boy.
The evidence shows that when a government tries to raise taxes on job creators, they either move their business to where tax rates are lower, or they grin and bear it and cut costs—and that means jobs lost.
So Joe gets off the phone and I am still just rolling with laughter. He, of course, is puzzled by the whole ordeal, but before he can get to the computer to check it out he gets another phone call about said goats! This goes on and on 20 calls in like 30 mins. Once Joe gets on the computer we find that not only is it listed he has goats, but there is also a post for a Wii for sale so he can "MAKE RENT CALL TONIGHT!" We automatically assumed that the culprit was his brother Scott, because everything was listed on the Dallas area Craigslist and we no longer live in that area, but he denied everything. Joe was so sure it was Scott that he posted a craigslist ad that he too was giving away animals, only to find out it wasn't him.
There are so many reasons for altering a photograph, and the reasons themselves, if they are known, are revelations in how we see the world, how we expect an image to be presented. Zhang Dali expects to reveal this to us through his juxtapositions. Placing archived original photographs next to their altered counterparts found in popular media, he shows us the shadowy world of decision making that constructs the world of images, a world so powerful to compel. It is remarkable to note that Dali matches the original photographs to their counterparts by memory and intuition. He remembers where the altered images appeared in public. His extraordinary memory is a testament to the power of the image to ingrain itself in a human psyche.
Him: You.
Sunday I spent my morning with that sweet little one there on the right, Miss Delany Rose Keilman. One of the prettiest babies I have ever seen! Truth. I don't love newborn shoots. They are so hard for me to do, I don't feel like I am good at positioning babies, etc. She made my job kinda easy and might have changed my mind just a little bit about not loving them as much. I mean look at her, she is sweetness. When I got home, I took the kids swimming (we can't wait for summer) and then Lola grocery shopping! I can't believe they were able to fit it all back in my cart, I had it overflowing and usually when that happens, I end up with two carts! But my little helper was able to help me push our one very overflowing cart to the car! My babysitters will be happy to know that our pantry is fully stocked and ready for them (they never thought it was empty btw, but I thought it was and felt horrible when Alyssa was over watching the kids on Friday night)! They always comment on the food! Makes me giggle! After the grocery store, I spent the rest of the evening editing mommy and daddy Keilman's favorite pictures of their new addition!
I think there could be another post to follow on the ‘heroic sufferer’, but enough for today!
Aquino, J., concur in the result.
CAMRA are old and sucky and wear sandles and have beards and beer bellies.
And they led him away to Annas first, for he was father-in-law to Caiphas, who was the high priest of that year. Now Caiphas was he who had given the counsel to the Jews: That it was expedient that one man should die for the people.
There is a ghost at the table around which the four principal negotiators have been sitting these last three days, trying to resolve Zimbabwe's political crisis.
That’s the group that had this crazy plan that somehow they could take over the world’s oil and still control the world through the 21st century.
She won the first prize in a nation-wide travel diary competition of the Turismo Brasil Service Magazine and got 7th place in a short story competition in Spain.
We had a family portrait done this summer. My cousin Cory Parris did the shoot. He's a terrific photographer, and we ended up with several lovely photos to choose from. Do you know the one I chose? It's the one where our formal pose has collapsed and we're all cracking up laughing. That is the family I love and enjoy and want to remember always.
I'm not really sure how men work.
I came to RTS thirteen years ago to learn how to be a pastor. I knew about the seminary’s reputation of academic excellence, but that wasn’t what drew me. I wanted to learn how to read the Bible and preach it to others.
She knows that she and football have nothing to do with each other, but her show managed to embrace womanliness and flamboyance in a way that didn’t affront masculinity. Nothing homosexually gay happened on that stage. But it seemed to liberate people who watch sports both casually and obsessively to observe, with what sounded like a degree of amused catharsis, how gay Madonna’s show felt. For a moment, we got a break from “no homo.” Still, you wonder whether Elton John, George Michael, or Adam Lambert performing the same show would have produced the same sense of relief — or just panic.
and then she will attend her local public school afterwards.
And you talk about anything.
Only if the title would have been better.
Honestly, I still enjoy many things about farm life, and love the pleasures of living in the country on our little farm today. But what I saw as limitations are gone. And yes, that’s really my tractor – a 1937 Allis Chalmers B.
Federal District judge Jed Rakoff followed through with a smackdown of the Securities Exchange Commission on Monday, rejecting a settlement between the agency and Citibank that would have imposed a $285 million penalty on the bank without forcing it to admit wrongdoing for betting against mortgage securities that eventually cost investors hundreds of millions of dollars. Rakoff, whose approval was needed to finalize the deal, was not prepared to let Citi quietly slink away from what Wall Street critics allege to be the central crime of the financial crisis–mortgage securitization fraud–without airing the particulars of the case in a public forum.
A few posts ago I told you about a batch of popovers I made. From the comments I got it seemed a few people never heard of this yummy concoction and someone else had never seen a popover pan before.
I looked up and she took a moment before she said, "oh, you're taking pictures?"
- Incent your employees to think growth
Looking into the eyes of your nursling is indescribable. The touch of soft, graspy fingers on your chest and the warm, wiggly body in your arms is something to treasure. Over time, the graspy fingers can become claws though and that's when its time for nursing jewelry. Nursing jewelry, or teething jewelry as it is sometimes called, is a great accessory for any mother to have. It gives baby something to play with while they are getting a meal or being held. They are especially great for babies who are in slings or carriers often.
We had our biggest snowfall of the season last night.
What I’m Not Sure About
Brown Memorial Baptist Church
Some of you out there will understand how staggeringly monumental such a milestone is.
We previously reported that the methanol extract of Ashwagandha (roots of Dunal) induced dendrite extension in a human neuroblastoma cell line. In this study, we found that six of the 18 compounds isolated from the methanol extract enhanced neurite outgrowth in human neuroblastoma SH-SY5Y cells. Double immunostaining was performed in rat cortical neurons using antibodies to phosphorylated NF-H as an axonal marker, and to MAP2 as a dendritic marker. In withanolide A-treated cells, the length of NF-H-positive processes was significantly increased compared with vehicle-treated cells, whereas, the length of MAP2-positive processes was increased by withanosides IV and VI. These results suggest that axons are predominantly extended by withanolide A, and dendrites by withanosides IV and VI. Copyright 2002 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins
Today was a great ride. Same arena, but the middle of the day instead of dusk with all the horse eating shadows. I set up a grid, barrels, one stride to a vertical, one stride to a second vertical, 2 strides to barrels. I'd say the verticals were about 2'3, a little higher than the barrels. The first time we fleeeeeewwww through it and did the 2 strides in one. I second guessed myself... was that really a long one stride? I thought I measured 30'. So we did it backwards and lo and behold, it was two. I discovered something really important today. Jasper responds to half halts between jumps. I never even tried before because I totally assumed he'd be oblivious to them. We jumped the grid both ways, first from a trot and then from an easy canter. Our last time through we landed over the last vertical, I gave a half halt and a "whoa!" and got a nice 2 tot he barrels. He was balanced enough after barrels that he was able to stop easily and smoothly and I jumped off and gave him lots of praise. Good 'nuff...!
MAKIN: We do get a heading in the account which is ‘meeting collections’ and that’s £80,000. But then there’s another for the year which is ‘donation income - other’ - in other words, by definition, not at meetings, and that is a little over £62,000, and I just question how that £62,000 has been arrived at, because £62,000 is a surprisingly high amount to be other unspecified.
Here he is doing what he did best – rest in peace MCA….
of love’s sanctity
I have here again another challenge card. This one is for my neice who turns three soon, she loves princesses, the only thing that would be better would be Dora! ha ha ha. Anyways, I created this card and it is fairly simple. Not yet using many new techniques, but with all the blogs I have looked at my wish list has gotten so big that I can't possibly keep up, let alone my husband!! anyway, I am going to enter this into Thursday Throwback Challenge. First of all, I clearly need some peachy keen stamps...why have I never seen them before starting my own blog??!?!?!? Anyways, the peachy keen stamps really make your faces and other accents really great!! I am sad I don't have any yet! ha ha ha...I'm also happy to see that you can tell her boa is purple glittery.
~Still love to be on the move
How many times have we thought that?
Direct XII. LASTLY, it is a great DUTY of husbands and wives, to help and comfort one other in preparing for a safe and happy death.(45)
3 Month Update: I ended up getting some Dr. Brown's wide-mouth bottles so she'd have to open her lips more like she does when breastfeeding - the regular Dr. Brown's are really tiny nipples and it didn't do great things for her latch. I'd go straight to wide-mouth next time. I also got a Tommee Tippee bottle that I like, and a Playtex Ventair and a Playtext Premium. So far there's not a bottle I don't like in terms for form/function - just that we needed the preemie nipples from Dr. Brown's (the only preemies we could find) when she was a small baby. The Breastflow are also a great speed for her now. I'm not sure why I kept getting different bottles to try other than the fact I thought I'd find a magic one that was the perfect flow and maybe even improved her (shitty) latch. But they've all been about the same for us. Some babies, though, are very picky and will only take a certain kind of bottle, so if you have one of those picky babies, I'd recommend trying any of the above. Note: it's also because of the picky baby thing that I wouldn't recommend getting a hundred of any one kind, just in case you have one of those babies and they don't like that brand.
Undoubtedly the period of greatest danger was 1994-1999 with Mandela's popularity at its zenith. In that period the ANC found many white admirers and members, often well-educated and well-connected folk so that a new sort of pro-ANC political correctness was very much in vogue at dinner party tables. Thabo Mbeki and Essop Pahad repeatedly tried to pull the press into an alliance with the government.
Of vapours that did seem to strangle him.
The message itself, however, cannot be dismissed. We are, in fact, in serious trouble.
11. Civil disobedience, “monkey wrenching,” and other “direct action”: For the more hard-core, the more committed, among you. This is where activists directly intervene in a situation and attempt to halt destruction on the spot. Examples include:
shooting star’s path
The french-style, louis XVI furniture is very difficult to find and usually steeply priced, so I’m sorry if the two chairs I mustered up seem only half decent. Keep looking! I’ve known people who have bought $60 antique Bergere’s at flea markets!
On March 28th, “A Screwed Up History” (sponsored by the UH Libraries with African American Studies and the Cynthia Woods Mitchell Center for the Arts at UH) brings together scholars, rappers, DJs, and others to tell the story of DJ Screw and Houston hip hop through short presentations and panel discussions. Guests include K-Rino, Willie D, ESG, Lil’ Keke, Z-Ro, Chingo Bling, Paul Wall, and more. This event will take place at the University Center at UH from 10:30 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. Seating is limited and advance registration is required!
He was questioned at a police station in Wrexham on suspicion of making false statements and faking signatures on nomination election papers – an offence under Section 65A of the Representation of the People Act.
Click the images to enlarge…
And as I added on page 102 of the NPI report that I edited, and co-authored with economist Edwin R. Rubenstein and historian Robert J. Stove, The State of White America-2007,
One day, there was a clog that, after an hour(oh how I wish I was speaking in hyperbole, oh how I wish) and was thoroughly exhausted and frustrated, I was ready to call a plumber and ask for professional help. Perhaps a psychiatrist as well, and explain that I’d been yelling at a toilet for the past 45 minutes(I managed to remain calm, cool, and collected for the first 15 minutes) as if it had feelings and was retaining this clog deliberately. Desperate, I turned to the internet. Ah the internet, is there no question you can’t answer?
duties. I think it’s impossible to gracefully fire someone in that situation. The man had served the university for 60 years. He did a lot of good things and had a wonderful impact on many people. The man’s not perfect (only one was). I doubt this was his only mistake, but it was most likely his most egregious one.
SWOOSH...CRACK! GO! GO! GO!
The global demand for robots and robot-related products was worth around $21 billion in 2010. The market is expected to grow to nearly $22 billion in 2011 and $30 billion by 2016, a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 6.7% between 2011 and 2016.
I broke down.
Consider not using eye contact at all. You can imagine what this is like by picturing a conversation between you and a group of friends over lunch. What if you spoke to these friends without meeting any of their eyes for the duration of your lunch? Those friends would think you were dishonest, deceptive, or, even worse, crazy.
xi) besides including clear provisions on transfer of technology in treaties under negotiation in WIPO, a new subsidiary body within WIPO (Standing Committee on IP and the Transfer of Technology) shall be established in order to ensure an effective transfer of technology to developing countries, including the creation of an international regime that would promote access by the developing countries to the results of publicly funded research in the developed countries;
Hey, ho, here we go!
Because some fellow students and I are going to the Texas Nursing Student Association conference in San Antonio on Thursday, we had our Skills lab this afternoon. Lab topic this week: Bathing and Hygiene.
(Professor Rashib uses his cane to point at the blank sheets of paper that are lying on the floor. The girls take one each.)
At one point towards the end of the night, the coaches all walked past the stage where we’re stood, and I was within about six inches from Sir Tom (not Tim, Holly) Jones. Will was within spitting distance too.
A much better bring will be for their business, they have seen and look for with them and also the items are bigger than a handbag, in more technical.
It would make me sad to think that we needed a reminder to show our love for each other by creating a day for it - any day, St. Valentine's Day included. I like to think that these days are just special days for love, not the only days for love. And love comes in so many packages!
As I sit here with my first coffee of 2012, I’m full of hope. This always happens to me at the start of a new year. My head tells me it’s silly and yet I embrace those first few days of every new year as a clean slate of sorts and eagerly anticipate what lies ahead. And this year in particular, it’s more exciting than any recent year.
The first voyage took him to Africa, the Gold Coast, where he found work as a mine engineer, but then left, along with three other adventurers, to seek gold in the jungles of the Congo, -one by one, the others sickened, John nursed them, then buried them, the african bearers killed and ate the dog. John slept with a gun in his hand, fearing he was to be next on the menu. One night the drums sounded through the jungle, and in the morning, the bearers were gone. John was never sure what time had elapsed before the day he staggered into a native village, delirious with fever, nor how long it was that the villagers nursed him, but by the time he was fit, he spoke their language. With their craftsmen he learned to work the little gold he had found, and from a part of it he made a ring, in the shape of two clasped hands, to send to Selina, before taking ship again, south to Australia.
Minimum time to elapse: one week.
That's why I suggest the Columbia restaurant as one of the first stops in my advice to people who are moving to Howard County. We were jammed with chores Saturday, so I got a spicy Italian sandwich for Mrs. HowChow and a London broil for myself.
into a unique identifying number, and birthdays and initials were then discarded.
One of the most interesting things I could find was this little graph which I think they have gotten from the International Scientific Forum on Alcohol Research, a part of the University of Boston's School of Medicine, and Alcohol in moderation who state on their website (found here)
In the bowl of a mixer fitted with the whisk attachment, beat the egg whites on high speed with salt and cream of tartar until frothy. Gradually – just a little at a time – add the 1 cup granulated sugar and vanilla, beating at high speed until the whites hold stiff, glossy peaks. (If the sugar is added to fast it will weigh down the eggs and they won’t inflate.)
So, I had to think of a creative, inexpensive, and durable way to display Lori and Lynn's work. It wasn't practical to frame photos, because the glass could get easily broken or the frames would get dinged up. Gallery wraps seemed fragile, too, since they could get dented or punctured if they got knocked over or dropped (hello, we have loads of little kids at our church, so things getting knocked over or dropped is not unusual).
Director Edward Bernds lenses this about as well as he did many Bowery Boys and Three Stooges efforts - albeit with more metallic surfaces and alien chicks. Suffice it to say we have a few major scenes here that deal with elements that would have seemed more at home with Leo Gorcey glowering at his stupid chums or Curly Howard getting clobbered with a pipe wrench.
Capt. Lawrence Daniel Getzfred, 57, Elgin, Neb.
Element Bracelets are mostly notable today as Cognizance bracelets.
And then sit around and wait for the big day to come! There are so many good things and negative things when it comes to moving. What are some things you do to make packing up for a big move less stressful? Have any of you moved recently?
In 711 AD when the moors overran the south of Spain, they changed bullfighting significantly by introducing horse-mounted fighters. It all changed again in the 1700's, when they did away with the horse mounted fighters, and they became the matadors as we know them today.
The last game got pushed to Friday because of a rain out earlier in the week and that was just fine because then we could actually go out like big kids and be festive with the drinking of spirits and such. It was not quite as heart stopping as the game the night before and we were also a tad worn down from staying up so late watching said game and then dragging ourselves to work the next day BUT it was still a great game- and who cares how it all went down- they won the World Freaking Series!
Legend has it that Squama is a prosperity drawing and spiritual and mentally grounding stone. It helps you to center yourself mental and spiritual and it provides a field of protection. It also very calming and rids negativity.Aventurine Facts: Green Bluish Aventurine has a Mohs Hardness of 7 and a chemical composition of : (Al,Fe3+)7O3(BO3)(SiO4)3 K(Al,Cr)2AlSi3O10(OH)2Legend has it that Aventurine is a prosperity stone. It solidifies leadership, decision making skills , encourages compassion, empathy, creativity independence, career success, balance and the ability to persevere. It relaxes nerves and lessens stammering
Linda is getting a new car (through her company, I think… it’s a Ford Fusion that she had to order in Illinois) and when she gets it she would sell me her Subaru Outback (1998 and very well maintained) at a good price. I checked to see if this was a car that could get beyond the 250,000 miles that are on it and, from all I’ve read so far, in well-maintained condition this could get twice that amount of mileage and still be running. With my rate of driving (about 12,000 miles a year) I’d probably be long dead before that amount of miles was hit. The only problem here is that Linda doesn’t know when her new car will get here… it may take a couple more weeks, which would leave me in my carless condition for longer than I wanted. However, I’ll deal with it as well as I can.
So, it’s been almost a week since I posted last. My sincere apologies for those of you who are really digging this blog. Work got really busy but blogging is just something you have to be purposeful about. I continued to make strong choices last week through working lunches. Another side note is I helped a friend move last week. I noticed how much stronger I felt. Moving heavy furniture wasn’t a big deal for me. As a friend of mine mentioned yesterday, it’s not getting any easier. I’m just getting stronger.
I’m thankful my parents knew Christ and took me to church each Sunday. At six I sat in a Sunday evening service and listened to the pastor. He gave the Gospel and told about a man who failed to believe. Later the man died and went to hell. For the first time, I realized I was a sinner and burst into tears. Mom thought I was too young to grasp redemption, but I wasn’t. I didn’t have all the theology down, but I knew I wanted to be forgiven. That night I accepted Christ.
Here are a couple more pics.
Pumpkin Seeds, sparingly
I’d have to say Edgar Allan Poe overall but Oscar Wilde as well. The Picture of Dorian Gray is probably one of the most brilliant stories I’ve ever known and it piqued my interest when it came to the development of suspense.
The researchers found that when swearing, participants’ heart rates and ability to tolerate pain increased, whilst their perception of pain decreased. This was not true for all males, which the authors hypothesise is attributable to the higher rate of swearing typical amongst men. The response elicited by swearing is similar to when our fight or flight instinct kicks in, suggesting it serves a positive function in pain management.
U.S Factory orders for new goods for March declined by 1.5 percent vs a revised 1.1 percent rise in February. The data came in slightly above expectations of a decline of 1.6 percent. Demand for transportation equipment declined 12.6 percent on weaker orders for civilian aircrafts. Motor vehicle and parts orders remained flat as against a 1 percent rise in February. Unfilled orders at U.S factories increased 0.1 percent vs 1.2 percent rise in February. Shipment of goods also increased 0.7 percent while inventories gained 0.3 percent. (CNBC)
Spotted Stella Black in a local pub on Friday night, and again couldn't stop myself from trying it. It has been knocking around for about a year now, and I wanted it to be good, I wanted it to be a legitimate attempt to make a better, premium beer (unlike Fosters Gold in my previous post), which was a cut above the standard Stella lager that supermarkets and pubs are a wash with.
5. Emika - pretend
It has reached the point that there is no benefit to be gained from watching a television news broadcast or reading a newspaper unless you accept that a significant part of what is being laid before you is pure fiction and the rest, unless it is ideologically neutral, which very little is, will feature half truths and distortions.
This is one of those dishes that brings backs childhood memories. Well, actually, teenager memories. See, during our high school and college days, our house was one of the houses where my brother's and my friends just seemed to gather. Especially during our college breaks, Mom was never sure how many people she was going to have around for dinner. There always seemed to be one or two (or more) impromptu additions at the dinner table! I like these memories. I like that our house was that 'comfortable.'
The infatuations that infrequently take control of me are usually (but not always) music related. Countless times in the last 40 years of buying and listening to music, I have found myself needing to hear every album or CD a band has released. I’ll also have to track down all books written about that particular group or artist, and travel to see them perform live. Some early infatuations lasted for years (Grateful Dead), other times it lasts only three or four weeks (Rockabilly legend Charlie Feathers). Then I return to my normal listening habits. I have also done an extended immersion where, 24/7, I play nothing but a certain artist or group. A music immersion is a “burst” within an infatuation. An example of a musical immersion would be when you wake up and the first music you put on the stereo, ipod or computer is your current infatuation. You listen to their music while driving your car; it continues to be played at your place of work and is also heard when you get home in the evening. I’ve gone weeks with an immersion (Muslimgauze), until I feel that I have an initial understanding of their sound and history. Through the years, immersions have happened when an artist that I’m not familiar with (guitarist Derek Bailey) interests me, or there is someone I already like but realize I need to hear the rest of their extensive catalogue (The Fall). Currently, I am infatuated with the Blue Note jazz record label. Specifically, I’m immersed in everything they released from 1957 to 1967 by sax men Hank Mobley and Tina Brooks, pianist Sonny Clark and guitarist Grant Green. I’m not new to this period of jazz, but have realized that I had missed a lot of great music from that era by concentrating on established performers like Art Blakey or Dexter Gordon. This current immersion has been going on for about three weeks, and it could continue for quite a while—or it could end as quickly as it began.
After dinner, we went to the Szechenyi Spa. Hungary is known for its natural hot springs. Because we went so late, we only had access to the 3 outdoor pools and an indoor pool and sauna room. First time I’ve ever been to a spa/sauna. It was so nice! WARM WATER! In one of the outdoor pools, there was a section that was a whirlpool. It was pretty cool. =) And the sauna room was hotter than I’d imagine and it was difficult to breathe but a great experience.
On the left side again, the "F" on this horse stands for the stallion line of "Favory" from Kladrub, Bohemia born in 1779. The next brand under that is the dam's bloodline. The hip brand is the Royal Crown of Piber.
We never discussed politics,
My first exposure to the Arabic language came when I met my future husband back in 1977. We were college students and I had never really been around Arabs before. Adnan and his other Arab friends would hang out, socialize, and share meals together, and of course, speak in Arabic. I used to sit back and listen to these men conversing in this alien language, with its strange guttural sounds. One surprising thing that I eventually got used to was hearing the use of the “F” word sprinkled amidst the Arabic words. The inappropriate English word actually forms the ending sound for many normal Arabic words. I would wonder how this fascinating language could often sound so harsh, crude and abrasive, yet always appear so beautifully artistic when written out in script.
Quality: Good
Oct 11 - The Kings Arms, Salford, UK
So this whole Kufflefulled segment will be called love fashion...everything I've bought and want. :::
I also have a love-hate relationship with the Oregon Duck. I mean he is a rival so I have to hate him but he is pretty funny when he's on GameDay and also his ESPN SportsCenter commercial is hilarious. Hope everybody is having a good week so far! xoxo
Even though I am in a very different place than I was in last year at this time I have so much to be thankful for. I am not working right now but that has been a blessing in disguise so I am thankful for that. I have made the huge decision to go back to school and I am still working on getting to goal and becoming more healthy. My family is healthy and happy. My relationship is in a good place. I have wonderful friends and a fabulous support system. I am thankful as well for all of the bloggers that offer a kind word and help to keep me motivated to do better and keep going. I am truly blessed and thankful for all of those blessings. I hope you all have a wonderful Thanksgiving and that you get to spend it with the people who love you best.
Last week some super sweet friends of mine had a baby shower for me. It was a really fun shower and I was positively spoiled with fabulous girly gifts! Considering the lack of anything pink around here until recently this was extremely helpful! I wanted to have a special thank you favor from me to the guests at the shower so I made these little boxes to give to each guest.
She developed a condition called NEC, but was not diagnosed with it. She had exploratory surgery on Wednesday at noon where the diagnosis was confirmed and they removed 20-25cm of "dead bowel".
‘Because none of these House bills are going anywhere soon in the Democratic Senate, it’s easy enough to dismiss’.
None other are in my belonging.
If the awareness required by internalism is weak awareness, then internalism is vulnerable to the SPO, in which case internalism loses its main motivation for imposing the awareness requirement.
I have glimmer that is going to last me forever and it was all made for less than $4.
Are they kidding?
Well, one way is to use them for mulch. Yep, that's right, mulch.
So…how do you balance this work/life thing???
Storyline Description
In addition to the California cases, Apple and Samsung are waging more than 20 legal fights in at least 10 countries in their war for global leadership of smartphone and tablet markets.
By basing his story in Varanasi, Chetan has shown the willingness to go beyond the metros he has generally portrayed in his story and probably strike a cord with the semi urban populace. His descriptions of each and every ghat are fantastic which goes to show the amount of research he has put in for the same. Another interesting fact different from his earlier books is that the main protagonist is shown (at least in the first half) as someone who isn’t rich but generally has to save money to make do with things in his life.
Midwestern State University had their big end of the year student art show opening Friday night. Of course, we were there. I would say it was a safe guess that Jesse had more art in the show than any other individual student. Students submitted their art for different categories - some were accepted and some rejected. Jesse had several of her mugs in the show. She had one photograph, one drawing, one sculpture, and several group projects. Monetary awards were given out during the evening.
kenfrost.cn
I suggested to Sally that she might think about what kind of animal a haggis might be derived from.
11And white robes were given unto every one of them; and it was said unto them, that they should rest yet for a little season, until their fellowservants also and their brethren, that should be killed as they were, should be fulfilled.
Introduction of snap multitasking
"The clean cut art of JL Czerniawski makes this series a joy to behold in any format."
* Spellbinders Nestabillities: Labels 10
Boy was she pissed. I got a D that six weeks. The only one I ever got in all my school years.
Note to Solicitors and Firms:
Hennie
‘Softpack‘ (this is really the best thing ever, but it’s hard to describe. Thankfully, I found a photo of it! You get naked on a special bed covered in plastic and an attendant covers you in stuff, which could be mud or something fragrant of that consistency. Then you lay down and get covered by the plastic, which is warm. Then it inflates and you’re floating for upwards of 30 minutes in a warm mud bath while something like yoga music plays in the room. The room is dark and the attendant leaves you. You can fall asleep, and I have. I’ve also meditated. It is the closest thing I’ve ever experienced to being in a womb, minus that whole ‘breathing fluids’ part). It’s a treatment that’s available at our local spas, and it’s by far my favorite thing to do. I’m not sure if this is available in American spas, as I’ve never gone to a spa in the US… but if it’s not, then I’d definitely recommend it for when you happen to travel to Germany!
Another unanticipated result of the shooting of the sheep has been an increase in the population of feral pigs, which has grown from several hundred to several thousand (Pearl, Patton and Lohr 1994). In addition, golden eagles that have been attracted to the Island by the abundant supply of piglets are hunting to extinction the indigenous Santa Cruz Island fox (Van De Kamp 2000; Davison 2003; Schoch 2003).
I am the child that struggles in school,
Displaying wonderful chemistry with one another, Christian Slater and Winona Ryder play a murdering high school duo who turn faking suicides into an art form. Now, their quirky relationship germinates in the cafeteria, but it really blossoms at the Snappy Snack Shack, where the two engage in some of the finest onscreen flirting I've ever seen; a lot of innuendos involving Cherry Slushies, Turbo-Dogs and Corn Nuts. Which culminates with one of my favourite lines: "I don't really like my friends." Something I'm sure we've all thought at one time or another.
It paid the bills but it sucked Donkey Kong Balls.
This is outside Peabody’s while Tony was having a smoke. Yes, I still enjoy sniffing other people’s smoke. As a matter of fact, the best smoke I have sniffed lately (ever) was Ben’s (from Lucero). Yup. I know that sounds incredibly stalkery and creepy, and I have made peace with it. I will be smoke free for a year on July 14th. I have to get my fix somehow …
The following are my tasting notes:
We go through spurts where they want to squeeze out a few drops about every 10 minutes just to get a jelly bean, but hopefully we can phase treats out with time & with that phase out the 10 minute pee cycles too. But the boys definitely don't have the bladder size that Liv has. That girl sometimes goes just 3 or 4 times a day. She was so easy, that even our boys who really have been easy to this point by most peoples standards, seem much harder.
Absolutely! It’s definitely not the easy option and you need to be prepared to work your socks off, but it’s all yours and what have you really got to lose? (Okay, perhaps some money, quite a bit of time, your sanity …)
My friends and I really enjoyed our walk and learning more about the history and architecture of the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn. We look forward to our next neighborhood walk this week!
Look for a real writeup next week or so.
I've also been struggling with where to go from here. I know I want to keep up with Tuesday slices, but I can't keep up more than one blog. My original intention was for this blog, "Refining Our Craft" to be reflections of our teaching lives, but I don't think it's stretch to include writing in with the "Craft." After all, I strongly believe that to be good writing teachers we need to be writer's, so I feel I will be doing just that.
Only after posting the picture on flickr with the above caption, I found out that George is a renowned contemporary British artist (part of art duo Gilbert and George) and obviously quite used to be photographed.
I completed an initial short synopsis on The Book of Enoch for a past article, not completely understanding why it hadn’t been included as part of the Bible. After all, this guy supposedly walked with God himself and never encountered death. As a spiritual seeker, I would be highly interested to find out what his life involved to accomplish something so unprecedented. After a more detailed review, it became very clear. In many ways, on many levels, it contained information that was contrary to what the emerging “Christian” system had as its core doctrine and beliefs. It was deemed to not be “divinely inspired”, despite this incredible feat and being quoted by the likes of Jude and the early church fathers Iranaeus and Justin Martyr. among others. It tells a tale of a race of immortals who terraformed earth and cloned copies of themselves – early humanity - to serve essentially as slaves. And then for some reason, these beings led by “God” needed to go away and leave the Watchers behind to supervise their property and investment. Upon returning, this group is furious that the guardians had given both knowledge and technology to the lowly humans, as well as the secrets of magic. This is where the notion that “God” is an all-seeing, all-knowing being is shattered.
8:00 – Streetlab, Gordon Voidwell, Glass Ghost, Talk Normal, Asa Ransom, Buke and Gass, miniboone @ Glasslands $8 (21+)
An aside--Pod has opera in his blood. His parents are professional musicians, his mother sang opera in Dallas and elsewhere in north Texas, he grew up listening to the Texaco "Live from the Met" radio show on Sundays, plus hearing his mother doing scales and teaching in his home. So he really digs it.
Jenna McClintock and Tina Kay Bohnstedt wander through the colonial San Antonio neighborhood to visit Iglesia de la Merced, with its ornate, gilded altar. A former convent houses the Museo Arqueologico, boasting pre-Colombian, Indian pottery. Jenna views ancient animal-shaped kettles, while Tina describes the skulls, bound and stretched to enlarge the head, believed to bring wisdom. In the busy plaza, the dancers buy maracas and an Ecuadorian painting, before relaxing over beers and borojo fruit, (claimed to be an aphrodisiac)! Nearby, they notice a row of old-fashioned typewriters, and learn that here, locals come to have their official documents typed up.
Had all the quiet, polite and deferential people died?
Except.
and rest.
Donald McCain Jnr (Cholmondeley, Cheshire)
I had to serve them, clear their table, wash their plates and cutlery and also settle the bill for them. How cool was that?!!
Love from our friends and family. When Maura Moritz brought me the incredibly generous gifts and cards from Arapahoe staff members, I actually burst into tears. I couldn't believe how kind people were. Thank you, thank you, thank you. We also have friends and family who are kind enough to drive out here almost every other day, bringing us healthy food, checking on us all the time, buying us butt paste (for Sam, not for us), paying for hotel rooms, and trekking out here just to go for a run with us. The nurses keep commenting on how popular Sam is, and each time, I think about how lucky we are.
AFP, TASS via VOR
The moment you were born you started to die…Yup a nice 1:1 birth to death ratio
Have you ever been out looking for a “home” and all the “list” you have just didn’t fit your fancy? Of suit your needs? Are you thinking…grrrr…I have to run back to the office/home and look up additional information?
In 2009 most engine manufacturers developed their own KERS system, while Williams were the sole team developing a system independently. Albeit not every team raced with KERS and some teams dropped KERS at various races. For 2010 FOTA agreed to drop KERS, albeit it was still legal with in the rules, as a cost cutting measure it was best not to run or develop KERS any further. Even within 2009 season KERS was not a huge success, the system had a FIA cap on the amount of energy that could be re-used, only 400kJ could be stored, which when used for 6.7s per lap, the car gained some 80hp. Thus although a 0.3s boost to laptimes, the system was ultimately limited in its potential to improve laptimes. Thus no team could create a competitive advantage from a more powerful system. Then the weight of the system created issues, At a time when the wider front slick tyres demanded an extreme weight distribution of up to 49% weight on the front axle, the 25+Kg of a KERS system mounted behind the CofG handicapped teams being able to push weight forwards. Most teams dropping or not racing their system cited weight as the main reason for its loss.
While Fi and I have many similar interests (like movies, reading, cooking, family, being outdoors, Judaism, our dog etc) nothing seemed fitting for a wedding. However, I wanted our wedding to be romantic and I love love love linked hearts. They're romantic, cute and best of all they represent the two of us coming together. I honestly feel as though my heart is linked to his. And just so you know, I felt like a dork typing that.
Now, after 6 years of working in the Corporate world, he has decided to come back out to not only serve the society again but to share the knowledge, values, and expertise that he learned and mastered in the fields of Corporate, Communications, and Professional Excellence training. The world will have a chance, once again, to hear it from the early mid-2000′s premier youth leader and academic excellence guru and learn the following from him:
On the appointed day, she was knocking on this door and that, and when she went in the stairwell to climb up another flight, she was surprised to find, Scotch-taped to each step, a penny!
This is a fun bright card for the beginning of Spring. Pull out some bright colors and join us with our sketch challenge. Now it is time to head on over to Sharon Wheet's blog to see what she did with the sketch this week.
I suppose this is true of anything that we recall from our earliest years. Everything that we can remember, period, is of some importance to us, because those things that we recall all occurred in moments when we were totally present, which is why they made an impression in the first place. Times when we were in the Now, totally captured by the experience. Childhood memories especially mark experiences that marked us at that time. These also include positive memories of course, a parent’s smile, being tossed in the air, a game, childhood events, whatever it is we remember is something that, for us at that time, totally engaged our attention. Perhaps I and others like me who had the help of open-minded parents and relatively free surroundings can thank the mass media for a bit of help back then, if not that, then, at least, some weird memories and fine entertainment.
On his death (despite the tabloid slavering over his homosexuality and the fact that it was AIDS that took him from us), there was a genuine outpouring of grief from the world of showbiz and the listening/viewing public alike.
You are the first African-American woman to have your own television show on HGTV. What was that experience like? What would you say to other designers of color who are trying to break through in the world of interior design?
Once the drawer is built, we're ready to put the drawer slides on the drawer following the instructions that came with the slides (just use the included screws to attach the slides, clamping them on to make sure they're on snug). Also, we used Home Depot's Amerock 22" Self-Closing Drawer Slides. These are basically the cheapest ones you can get ($7.50 per drawer) but they work just fine and I definitely don't need nicer drawer slides in a closet than I have in my kitchen. Once both slides are on, we're ready to take the drawer inside and install the drawer slides on the support boards.
‘Consciousness is the unity or coexistence of two qualities of intelligence that are contradictory to each other,’ Maharishi continued. ‘Singularity or self-referral Samhita, and diversity of Rishi, Devata, and Chhandas.
This was a complete experiment, inspired by the Fall 2009 issue of Belle Armoire magazine. I cut about 6 lengths of bronze wire, balled one end, added a few beads, balled the other end, then carefully wrapped around the leather. Three are sold, but I still get nervous starting another one!
Since 1918, Save the Redwoods League www.savetheredwoods.org has been working to ensure that you – and your grandkids – will be able to experience the awe and peace that these precious natural wonders inspire. After 150 years of logging and development, only 5% of the original 2 million acres of coastal redwood forest remains. Save the Redwoods League has worked tirelessly to protect imperiled redwoods by purchasing forests and landscapes, restored logged forests to their majestic state, and used science and planning to learn what redwoods need to survive (like fog, which is also being threatened by global warming). Since its inception, Save the Redwoods League has protected more than 181,000 acres and helped develop 59 redwood parks and reserves for everyone to enjoy.
I know plenty about writer's block, but this is different. Its more like "writer's drunk" in that my metaphorical speech is slurred and things are a wee bit blurry. Have you ever had writer's drunk? Did you pitch out the work and start fresh, or go back and sort it all out?
you can't see
11. I Forgot To Be Your Lover
Me: Who? That is the point, I don't know who it is.
So here are a couple of photos my son took
Antarctica:
20Go, take your place in the Temple and give the people all the teaching about this Life.
So far, the worst rating for this beer over at Beer Advocate is a C+. That may not be enough in itself to make honor roll, but when averaged out over several reviews, Winter Bock makes the list. I like Gordon Biersch, not simply for their beer but for their customer service, which I'll delve into after the new year, perhaps.
The cupcake recipe began here and ended up quite different. With so many egg whites in this batter it is somewhat like an angel food cake. They smell lovely baking and the cake is dense and lemony.
Does it matter that one day that you’ll all but slip away?
Also go under the cut for the comeback stage for BoA with performance of ‘Copy&Paste’, as well as goodbye stage by FT Island with ‘Love, Love, Love’.
Meanwhile, it may be mentioned here that the Bhopal survivor organisations had termed IOA and the Government of India’s opposition to Dow’s involvement in the London Olympics as “insincere”. They had said that both should stop “shedding crocodile tears” and take real action on conveying India’s displeasure to IOC. The organisations pointed to instances where Dow had managed to jockey itself into associations with the IOA and the Government of India. Dow’s website claims it supplied insulation material through the IOA to the Commonwealth Games 2010. (pervezbari@eth.net)
Recently I have had some very disturbing information come across my desk. It has to do with the so-called breeding program that Dr. Jacobs and others in the UFO community have researched. A brief thumbnail sketch for those of you who don’t know what I’m talking about. We are told in the Guidebook to the Supernatural i.e. the Bible that it will be like the days of Noah when the son of man returns. This begs the question what differentiates those days from any other. In my opinion it is the presence of the fallen angels once again manifesting openly on the planet. The so-called alien/human hybrid is a modern-day equivalent of what happened thousands of years ago in antiquity. In other words the Nephilim are back. The picture that I displayed to the left may be the real thing, a hybrid, in as far as what some abductees report seeing. According to Dr. Jacobs the breeding program has reached its conclusion and unlike the picture above the results are such that these demonic hybrids can pass as human. Now back to what came across my desk. This person related that the sons of god i.e. the fallen angels are engaged in a breeding program as they:
The result of this is that we have an industry without reliable principles. We have trendy "solutions" that blow with the wind. We have charlatans successfully masquerading as experts. We have a vocabulary of dreadful jargon that passes for insight. We have a class of leaders called "CMOs" who can't seem to hold a job. We have ad industry titans who have never actually practiced the art.
The XMRV virus is a retrovirus, like the HIV virus that causes AIDS. As with all viruses, a retrovirus copies its genetic code into its host, but uses RNA instead of using DNA to do so.
Giving customers something positive encourages additional interaction with your brand, service, or product. For this very purpose, LinkedIn added a progress bar that documents user-profile completion. But that’s not its sole purpose.
In true wine-o-crat fashion, the Judith Beck Blaufrankisch retails for about $20 per bottle. Unfortunately, Beck only produces 500 cases of this wine each year and it can be very hard to find so if you see it, buy it or order it. It is a crowd pleaser as my friends Jenny, Jill, Chris and Matt can attest.
If at first you don’t get a bunch of followers, don’t fret. It will take some time and some work on your part but the rewards will pay off with repeat customers, new customers, and a new look at your business from the eyes of your customers.
Don’t try to be paying extra on other items, contributing to retirement, saving for college. You end up not doing any one thing well.
This is precisely why I do my writing on a laptop that has no Internet connection.
Mr. Mangal summoned the American regional commander, Maj. Gen. Charles M. Gurganus of the Marines, to complain, and General Gurganus apologized, Mr. Ahmadi said.
what do you think?! do you have any favorites to share with me? any other colors you'd like to suggest?
I hope everyone has enjoyed my projects as much as I enjoyed making them. Big hugs to you all!
~How can you give them a sense of purpose….
I think snow is fucking great. I love it. I love the silence. I love it because only the stupidest of cunts is out on the roads and what very little noise they make is deadened by the blanket of corpse-faced white. This city, this Town of the Ford, it talks too fucking much. Talks, moans, bitches, screams and fucking howls. The snow has got her pillow held lightly over the face of this agonised terminal case and its constant pain. Snow won't kill the town, but it'll shut it the fuck up for a few days. And don't tell me it isn't beautiful. Tom said it. The Heart of Saturday Night, Track 1, listen to the whole song. Now there's something for you to do with your iPhone when you're stuck in a four hour traffic jam.
Winner : Maui - Imperial Coconut Porter
Every step taken inside the city walls of Old Jerusalem, I checked myself, aware that my foot may come to rest on one of the very same spots that Jesus, Mary, or even St. Paul stepped. Wandering through London with its contrast of modernity up against antiquity, playing the movies of the British monarchy history in my mind as I walk the grounds of Westminster Abbey or Tower Hill, it’s in a split second of heightened awareness that I know that while I have been chasing, tracking down happiness, it was my happiness that actually found me.
I took a deep breath, expecting a similar response to the previous baker. Instead, I was met with excitement! Nomeda informed us that she has had 2 years of training in specialty lacework for cakes, and that creating a design similar to my inspiration would be an awesome challenge for her! After inspecting the design, she told us that she would make the lace design itself out of fondant, instead of piping it on the cake. When it is time to cut the cake, the lace can be pulled off easily. Awesome! We decided that the lace work should be in white, and the cake itself should be a beige/champagne colored fondant to match the tree on our cake topper. I know, some of you may be thinking, "yuck...fondant tastes awful," but guess what? Nomeda imports white chocolate fondant from Switzerland. It is rolled out to be only about as thick as a few sheets of paper, and it tastes good! Typically, bakeries use a sugar fondant which is thicker, tougher, and might not be pleasant to taste. I was so happy to hear that the fondant on our cake would be edible!
While I didn’t love the narration of the book I did enjoy the story and the idea behind the world that Nalini Singh built. It felt like a mix between Lora Leigh’s Breeds Series and the Matrix.
Do you get overly emotional in situations? Do you overreact? Are you impulsive when something does not go your way? Do you constantly feel drained by drama?
After that I started to look for people who could help me, including my trusted supporters like Ari Diskin. I always know that I’ve started to turn the corner and am on my way back to health when I ask for help. I don’t want anyone to fix me, I know that only I can ‘fix’ myself in these situations, but others can provide powerful reminders, or can offer strategies that I can employ.
14oz can artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
That title was a mouthful wasn't it? I'll explain the "pre-finale" part in a minute. Let's get to the goods in this comparison of a $40 purchase of GQ blasters and a $40 vintage purchase from Blowout.
I—Identify your audience. If you are writing a devotional about raising children as a single mom, don’t submit it to a senior citizens magazine. Know who you are writing for.
All the colors of my life are different shades of blue.
I would say this was definitely one of my top ten Christmas presents from last year. Let me tell you about beer, by Melissa Cole, does more or less what it says on the cover with the aid of plenty of cool pictures of beer, brewing, beer with food, Melissa Cole, Melissa Cole with beer, bottled beers and so on. The layout makes things easy-going, delivering things chunk by chunk in a Randy Mosher (esque) but not quite so quirky sort of style. The dialogue is easy to follow and comes across quite passionate at times and the contents cover pretty much everything a book on beer should (brewing basics, history of beer styles etc).
I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High. But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
The first thing I noticed about this polish was that it's not really "silver". It has rainbow-reflecting, holgraphic mini-hex chunks, micro silver and micro iridescent glitter floating around in a pearl-ish base. Although it will reflect some glitter in outdoor lighting, it reminds me very much of Mother of Pearl chips. Under indoor lighting, it seems more opaque and this "pearl" look is more noticeable. In outdoor or bright lighting, the base seems more clear and the glitter chunks are more prevalent.
60%: My own estimate of the fraction of American prostitutes who are escorts (either independent or agency).
These are the real battles to be fought out over the next decade or so. The political parties need to start facing up to these issues. And so do we, the great British public.
You raise your children and you teach ‘them to walk straight and sure
Frank… is that… are you… Are you wearing a tuxedo shirt under your overalls? And is that a pine cone? A pine cone with a… demonic red eye? Oh, lordy.
It means our sins can be forgiven:
I really like my students. I am especially fond of my two sophomore classes who I see for two block periods for each day. We have running jokes and an easy rapport. Most importantly, I think they are learning. My sophomore retakes and Juniors are presenting me with a greater challenge. I have a class of students who have failed Sophomore English at least once, sometimes twice and many of these students are also in my Junior English class. As you could imagine, this brand of students come with a distinct set of challenges and behavior issues. Charming as they can be, their antics can dismantle a class in moments. I am reworking all the curriculum I planned over the summer for the Sophomore retakes and this makes me sick to my stomach when I think of the uncertainty and the work ahead.
As was nearing the entrance to Mzulft, Se’rith suddenly became dizzy and her vision blurred. As her vision cleared there stood a Psijjic Monk. He congratulated Se’rith on her progress but warned her to get back to the College immediately. Events were in motion that only she could stop and the College was in dire danger. The Psijic’s had set her on the right path and she was capable of bringing things to a successful end. As the monk winked out of existence, his words of stressing the importance of getting back to the College wafted through the ether. The Dunmer emerged into bright sunlight, the warmth a welcome sensation on limbs so long underground. They mad the short climb up to Primby to rest and eat before the walk back to Winterhold.
“Sincerely, TL Fisher.”
Jane Applegate (CEO and President of Applegate Group) – She is a small business author, speaker and consultant specializing in helping big and small companies market and promote their products and services. The Applegate Group Inc. writes and produces video for websites, trade shows and events. It has worked with: Bloomberg Television, Cox Communications, the New York Times and Merrill Lynch.
Their own death warrant.
Rotten was wearing a Pink Floyd T-Shirt when he first met his
2/3 cup milk or water
If I walk the dogs on my own this is what ends up happening...I'm gently pulled in opposite directions. Either that or I get tangled up! Luckily, my boyfriend is with me more often then not on our walks!
It's been a loooong time since I've posted here! Not that I haven't been creating...I just haven't posted (shame on me...lol). The card that I have below is one that I made for a friend who is going through a really rough time right now. Actually, she has been going through A LOT of rough times with her health, family, and marriage...but through it all she has managed to hang in there and not give up. She is such a blessing to my life, and I do my best to encourage her and help her hold her head high no matter what.
1 rib celery
in the eye. I’m a pepper spray cop pimp!
But officials with the institute say that the allegations are false and that the whistle-blower was fired for poor performance. The ex-employee has sued the county for wrongful termination. At one point, county officials said, the whistle-blower offered to retract his complaint and settle the case for $250,000.
to sing
And that’s why God says, “Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding.”
When my dad died 10 years ago I was a college student working in Yellowstone for the summer. I got the news from my mom as I stood at a pay phone. A man, on vacation with his family, walked by and noticed me crying, a minute later he returned alone with a handful of tissues and wordlessly handed them to me. In the following hours and days many of my friends and aquiantances reached out to me in big and small ways that were very appreciated and meaningful. But that stranger’s compassion, in that tiny gesture remains in my mind a decade later. This taxi driver’s compassion for a old woman reminded me of those little gestures that really define who a person is. And it made me want to go visit my elderly upstairs neighbor.
Now here is a small listing of some of my favorites:
What is going on? Past studies by the IMF concluded that the global deficit in the 1980s and 1990s was largely due to the underreporting of foreign-investment income by rich countries and the under-recording of freight receipts... Another possible explanation posits that the surge in the global discrepancy broadly coincides with both the explosion in vertically integrated businesses, where firms locate different stages of production in different countries... Transfer pricing used by multinationals to shift profits around the globe may distort trade figures...
Kaspa & Fiona
So you can always find my shadow
Without the guidance of the Qur’an, humanity would still be groping in the darkness of ignorance.
Both of these sides have been done to death and I’m not going to flesh out either one of them. That’s why we all went to 6th grade debate class, right?
on 28 and 29 April 2012.
Over the years the theatre operated it changed names at least twice. In that period both Jack Benny and the Marx Brothers played the theatre, and in 1921 it became home to a Chinese Opera company called Lok Man Lin. In 1927 it was transformed to a pentecostal church – first the Pyramid then the Emanuel, but in 1932 as a result of unpaid taxes the City became owners, and in 1938 it became a garage – which kept going until 1967.
*Update on 8/9/07: I must have looked ordinary enough because I booked the job!
After the first test the grades were averaged and everyone got a B. The students who had studied hard were upset while the students who had studied very little were happy.
DK: It identifies the audience and opportunities for our clients and puts numbers against them. The CMR effectively becomes a template for a multiplatform sales pitch and a key tool in the selling of advertising around a brand and audience, as opposed to simply selling a single platform.
relevant committee was “carried
In God’s way, every situation is a learning experience. God teaches us through pruning, as we are part of him. “John 15:5 1. 5″I am the vine; you are the branches. If a man remains in me and I in him, he will bear much fruit; apart from me you can do nothing. (NIV)
In the next one, the student cut out her papercut in the folded method, creating a tree with branches and roots on both sides of the tree trunk. Then the student opened up the cut design, removing the leaves on one side creating variety in the composition
Banks exist to solve the problems of safely storing and accessing money. Lawnmowers exist to solve the problem of an unkempt lawn. Car dealers exist to solve personal transportation problems. Human Resources departments exist to solve the problems of finding, hiring, managing, and developing people. And so on. Internal or external, it doesn’t matter – your job is to help your customers solve their problems.
While we were in OK visiting family in August we got to see one of the prettiest backyards courtesy of our hosts Debbie & Pat. They purchased their home a little over a year ago and ever since Debbie has been working away at the backyard. And I have to say all of her hard work has truly paid off!
The artwork, which could have improved my opinion of this series, did exactly the opposite. It’s very sparse in terms of detail, and not at all attractive. The best way to describe the main fault is that it’s quite . . droopy. Most of the characters have almost limp posture, clothing, and hair. In addition, there’s something that bothers me about the character’s faces; at any given moment, they seem either lifeless or annoying. It’s just not a very good-looking manga, and it definitely isn’t on par with the greatness of the original.
It’s time for demonstration by Ms. Eva with the model of the dae--- Applying moisture cream with certain techniques, allowing the skin to absorb and finally measuring the moisture level. The effect can be immediately seen! Very miraculous :)
it's all "裂纹和怒吼" and then there's the offering bucket thing and it's
The Capital Confectioners cake club had their Christmas party yesterday. We had some great food and good laughs. The best part was definitely coming home with a big stash of cookies from our cookie exchange!
Natural - No Sugar Peanut Butter, Banana, Ice, Soy Protein Powder, Spinach, Almond Milk Smoothie
Logan, UT ?
So, how did I learn to write? Well, actually, I suppose I was writing to some small extent before I could even read.
Until the late 18th century, the term referred to learned people of both sexes. However it subsequently became applied primarily to intellectual women. In time the name Bluestocking was applied solely to women of pedantic literary tastes. For a period, Bluestocking was a denigratory term, an insult, so much so, that it helped create a climate for generations of women who lived in fear of being labelled a 'bluestocking.' In the 19th century, the Brontë sisters and Mary Ann Evans (George Eliot) felt it necessary to hide their genius under male pseudonyms; in the 20th century the word conjured up images of desiccated female dons. The original 'blues' were much more various than this stereotype suggests, but their dilemmas about intellect, fashion and femininity are still with us today.
In other news, the fact that the MSM took their time picking up this story has not gone unnoticed. There can be no clearer indication that the MSM are failing miserably at their jobs – reporting the news! With all their resources they were all beaten to the story by Malaysiakini and RPK. Congratulations are due to both Malaysiakini and RPK for their scoop.
Instant coffee powder - ½ to 1 teaspoon according to our taste
There are numerous mentions of live sacrifices in ancient Hinduism. The most valuable one was of course the human sacrifice, the purusha-medha. Whoever commissioned this and paid the Brahmin priests to perform it was said to be as divine as the Prajapati, a name for the Creator. The most common offering was the goat. The following excerpt from the Brahmanas as translated by Klaus Klostermaier explains: “When the devas had killed a man for their sacrifice, that part of him which was fit to be made an offering went out and entered a horse. Thence the horse became an animal fit to be sacrificed. From the horse it went into the ox, from there into the goat. In the goat it remained for the longest time, therefore the goat is best fitted for sacrifice.”
make the nations shake in their boots!
05 Swing
Consider the poor; give attention to them; study their necessities; wisely consult as to the best mode of alleviating them. Think not that attention is wasted when given to the poor, even if some important commercial speculation has to wait. What the word of God says in general, the providence of God says in particular, “Consider the poor,” says the former; ” consider this poor man,” says the latter. Indiscriminate charity is not the thing here commended. The vocation of a Christian is to be a benefactor; and this being his vocation he is not to grudge any pains that may be required in order to ascertain who are the really needy, and what the most effectual way of relieving them.
- The Motion Picture Industry
The younger version of me leans down and pats our panting dog on the head
Personally, the only real disappointment was that the invading aliens weren’t introduced until about half way through the book. I can understand that there’s still military training in peace time, but I would have liked an idea of their political climate earlier in the book. However, I liked how the protagonist’s (Byron) special skill was revealed later in the book, making it a colourful surprise.
Later this summer I'll have to read Through The Looking-Glass and see if my observations hold in that story as well.
Hull Truck, Hull 2nd-3rd November
Protest in the tiny village enjoys the regular support of Palestinians from surrounding areas, as well as that of Israeli and international activists. Demonstrations in Nabi Saleh are also unique in the level of women participation in them, and the role they hold in all their aspects, including organizing. Such participation, which often also includes the participation of children reflects the village’s commitment to a truly popular grassroots mobilization, encompassing all segments of the community.
Kelsey
In other applications, though, reliance on doctrine can be restricting and dangerous. Take parenting, for example. Gathering information, ideas, and best practices helps us open our eyes and minds to all sorts of ideas we never would have thought possible, which is great. But when our choices become strictly dogmatic and unwavering, well then things get interesting.
DIAs are very similar to so-called longevity annuities, Baker adds, except that the longevity purchase typically defers income for 20 or more years. As product development continues in this area, the industry is starting to use the term DIA for the seven-to 10-year products and longevity insurance or longevity annuities for the 20-year-and-up products, Baker notes.
Critics of the Obama administration have been quick to seize on this as the real reason for the falling unemployment rate. In February, the Republican National Committee released a research note on “The Missing Worker,” arguing that “over 3 million unemployed workers have called it quits due to Obamanomics.”
fill the pockets of peasants and come home
I spent Saturday night, my last night in Austin, at The Austin Moose Lodge.
:: I attached 2 rows of doodle yarn to the back of the collar as well as to each of the 2 cuffs, & 6 rows to the bottom of the jacket (I went up as far I could until I hit the pockets, but I think it would look cool if it had even more rows)
Cut forward to modern times where....
But I definitely have things in the works.
- A nip of Malibu
I remember seeing her and her foster mother walk into the Guatemala City M@rriott. I didn't know it was them, but I just "knew" it was them. I saw Abbie laying her head on Argelia's shoulder, with her long silky baby hair flowing. When our attorney entered a few minutes later and introduced us, my inclination was proved true. So that was my precious little girl!
Just now, I thought of asking them, “Why Hyatt? What’s so special about Hyatt?” But, I think I already know the answer because of this special lecture we had.
introduce you to our team, products, giveaways, and more! We have been hard at work for some time now getting ready for the release of this new company and have some wonderful things in store for you.
Practical wisdom is concerned with human things and with those that about which it is possible to deliberate.
Just ask... It is a pleasure for being able to deliver such high end beautiful jewelry!
FAR means floor area ratio; 6 FAR means that a building covering the whole lot could be built six times the lot size, or a building covering half the lot could go up 12 floors. A rezoning from 6 FAR to 10 FAR represents an increase of 4 FAR, or 67%. In Poly’s case, given that several of its buildings are not built to the full floor area ratio, the potential is even greater.
Though this is old news, it is just as relevant as ever now that the presidential election is heating up. For those of you who may have not been paying attention, President Obama (you know, that liberal guy who was supposedly opposed to Bush’s tyrannical, unconsti- tutional tactics) signed the NDAA (National Defense Authorization Act) into law on December 31, 2011.
In its review, the New York Morning Telegraph wrote, “Freddy Sagor has written quite a nice little story . . . . ,” while Robert E. Sherwood, writing in Life magazine, called Rolled Stockings “ . . . a surprisingly nice comedy . . . the characters are of importance, and they are nicely represented by the adroit Louise Brooks.”
Due to its farmland location, the course stuck to footpaths and rights of way, unlike a full mountain marathon which takes competitors off piste.
The Joker (Heath Ledger), The Dark Knight (2008)
the days in Pittsburgh enter my mind
His dangerous and desperate flip-flopping has him so coated in Santorum that he’s adopting the most far-right talking points as his campaign positions, no matter how illogical or unpopular. The terrifying example that wins him this week’s award is a single sentence from a campaign stop, bizarrely included in a discussion of budget cuts: “Planned Parenthood, we’re going to get rid of that.” REALLY? Let’s set aside for a moment that this is an independent organization, not a Federal program, so any attempt to “get rid” of it is anti-business (ironic much?). Far more terrifying is that the putative front-runner for President in one of our two major parties has officially endorsed the war on women. The Romneyborg wants us ignore the fact that the vast majority of the services Planned Parenthood provides are critical women’s health care to poor and rural women. He has become so extreme in his eagerness to clinch the nomination that he’s endorsing the radical anti-contraception position that the vast majority of Americans (including Catholics and all Republicans other than the Tea Party) oppose. This candidate’s dizzying spin might provide a great alternative energy source; in every other respect it just induces nausea–yes, I will have to spit up after publishing this.
The CEO agreed with Mr. Fun. He also called in the executive leadership of the agency and showed the idea to them. They all agreed with Mr. Fun that it was a great spot. Mr. Quiet was unmoved and fought tooth and nail against the spot.
Setting itself up as an instruction manual on how to get your soul through those pearly gates, the film really stretches the door metaphor thin.
Is it worth it? I won’t know for a year or two or ten if I’m going to be a successful author, so right now, I’ll leave you with the daunting facts: one and a half to two million books are written every year. 150,000 are published (about half of those are self-published), and since many carry over from year-to-year, I figure that at least a million are being peddled as we speak. 75% of published books (including some with big advances) sell less than 500 copies. 85% of published book sell less than 1000 copies. 84% of books in a bookstore sell less than 2 copies. A book is considered successful if it sells a total of 5000 copies. Considering the time it takes to write, edit, and promote, that comes to about $1.00 an hour for the author. Woohoo. (And that doesn’t take into consideration the sometimes hefty amounts people shell out for conferences, editing, classes, etc.)
I’m inclined to doubt this because the rest of the movies are about quirky men. They’re odd, but they don’t feel inferior for all of that. Olive, from Easy A (2010), is the perfect example of what I’m talking about. She’s odd and isolated because of her intelligence and super wit, which, in the real world, hurt your high school experience (unlike the world in Juno (2007)). And, like the men in a RomCom, would super love to get with a nice, balanced character as a make-out partner, but events conspire against her/them.
From the promotional blurb, Le Manoir de Paris is "a true living museum. It invites visitors to experience Parisian scenes and legends in winding their way through its labyrinth". It "transposes the concept of the haunted house that we find in the United States and adapts it to French culture and sensibility." The concept was created by Adil Houti, a Belgian by birth, who has lived in the US and now lives in France. I've never seen a US haunted house, but for Brits, I suspect this is similar to the London Dungeon (which is, I have to say, one of those things I've never been to either, but at least have seen - and the guys in costumes at London Bridge look similar to these guys, if less gory - and less interactive.)
Auckland, New Zealand – Second to Third Wave with bike lanes to the terminal. Signage would help. They have a counter for packing your bike. It has been 9 years now since I made the sojourn to the airport.
It seemed to me that George Orwell had achieved his ability to write so well simply by writing a lot at the BBC and elsewhere. (For a period, he literally worked in Room 101 at BBC Broadcasting House.)
And what now is my driving force
Not even Chutney Soca Monarch winners safe from crime…KI Persad’s family robbed, but they managed to shoot the bandit in his stomach (FTW). http://www.guardian.co.tt/news/2012-02-13/gunman-mars-ki%E2%80%99s-victory-celebrations
Reluctantly, I set the yellow puppy down. "Done," I said.
-Y2J gets Punk up for the G2S…. Punk fights out, tosses Jericho into the exposed corner post, G2S! 1…2….THREE!
The website is under construction and things did not go well yesterday, so today there will be periods of down time. Hopefully it won't be offline too long.
Salad Drink the elixir UK/NL
If I had any grace at all, I'd have calmly turned around and returned to class. However, given that my heart had stopped 12 times on the way over, my hair was glued to my lipstick, and my one heel was coming unstrapped - I leaned against the wall to catch my breath and regroup.
At the dinner table, Aunt Sally revealed a veritable Macy's Parade of home-cooked Americana - meaning most of it was beige and fried and looked like it contained more fat than a rolled loin of Elvis.
The running started right off the train. Our ingenious public transportation system makes using it really difficult. Why not put the CalTrain or something right in the airport? No, this would be too easy. Instead I had to jump from CalTrain to BART, negotiate that stupid ticket machine in less than a minute, then take BART one stop to San Francisco and one stop back from San Francisco, then take the SFO air tram. So I arrived to the UA’s terminal in the condition as if I ran half a marathon. But the best fun started later.
I hated my job at Transportation. I had the most difficult time bending to their will. It just went against my grain and tore me down. What I didn't know was that I was supposed to "travel on"... and away from that place. Instead, I stubbornly tried to fit myself into that scenario. Well, I did learn my lesson, in that one, too. And that lesson was this... my communication era was coming to an end. Now, I needed to take more control of my destiny, and know when it was time to move on... and do so! My spirit wanted to be gone from that place, but my human nature became bogged down in the dense egoic game. "I won't give up! I will become stronger! I will learn to bare the brunt of their mean and cruel game!" In the meantime, my back was nearly broken, my breath was nearly gone. Spiritually and nearly literally.
So did I hate Thing 2? No, I really didn't but I could also never recommend it over Thing 1, even though they are kinda the same movie with kinda the same characters. The CGI pulled me out of the movie a lot, but although Thing 2 is not a horrible movie, it won't ever get the same attention or admiration as the original.
4.) I eat yummy fats like ghee (clarified butter), avocado, bacon fat, duck fat, olive oil, and coconut oil. Also raw cheddar cheese. And full fat greek yogurt from Trader Joe's. That shit is so good, y'all.
In 1778, Yang Tai Chow was the first recorded Chinese to migrate to India for better material prospects. He put down roots in Kolkata, or Calcutta in West Bengal, the then capital of British India and the easiest accessible metropolitan area from China by land.
My red is so confident he flashes trophies of war and ribbons of euphoria. Orange is young, full of daring, but very unsteady for the first go round. My yellow in this case is not so mellow, in fact I'm trying to say it's frightened like me. And all of these emotions of mine keep holding me from givin’ my life to a rainbow like you.
Dancing queen, feel the beat
Heightened Militant Activity Among Muslims
Overall = 4.2
under cabinet lighting in kitchen
* Mother, the ribbons of your love are woven around my heart.
Will Chow from Dagobah leave?
I recently shared with you my wooden egg wreath which is now hanging above my mantel. Today, I want to share with you the wreath that is hanging on my front door. It is made of plastic Easter eggs and was super easy to make.
Music. . . On A Day Like This, David Bridie
(Moses supposes his toeses are roses)
Mixing up the segments of our sets is proving to be crowd pleasing. We have about 4-5 distinct musical components now.
The scene at the end is really way below Hang-ah’s belt. But that’s the real Jae Ha, somehow. I remember the scene where he deliberately pushed Shi Kyung’s chair for him to fall. And now, since from Episode 1 Hang Ah threatened our Prince, I think it was pay back time for him that’s why he was that cruel. Then again, nobody deserves that. Jae Ha is going to be a tough cookie to crumble.
The student director for this show, Steven, took an immediate dislike to several of us whom he considered 'lily white' and 'useless'. Stefan, another friend called Cee, and I were voted "most likely to still be virgins" by the 'cool kids' in the cast...something that made Stefan angry but enraged Cee, an old-school Southern gentleman who was offended not only for himself, but also on my behalf. Even bringing it up (and it's been oh, almost twelve years ago now) in his presence sends him off into an angry diatribe to this day. It was Little Shop of Horrors, by the way. I was a hooker and Stef and Cee were bums in the opening act.
After F.W. de Klerk opened the floodgates and these criminals were allowed back in SA, along with Nigerian drug lords, we saw gang wars in 1996 with hand grenades chucked over garden walls, etc.
04 California Dreaming
Gems from the Web
Elvis Presley’s “All Shook Up” began an eight week stay at the top of the Billboard charts.
Wondering if horticultural societies have become a scarce commodity I googled, pages and pages appeared based all over the country and some dating back to the early nineteenth century. Ours seems fairly recent by comparison having been founded seventy years ago as a response to the introduction of food rationing and the subsequent scarcity of fresh fruit and vegetables. Although, clearly, that is no longer the case it is still well supported with some three hundred members at the last count. The atmosphere is always lively and if you’re lucky and the queue at the checkout is not too long you might even be offered a cup of coffee.
Yep. Hockey season is in full swing. The Pittsburgh Penguins had a rough go of it for a while, sustaining a 6-game losing streak, but stormed back with seven straight wins before the All-Star break. It’s amazing that they can play so well and win so much with all the devasting injuries the hockey gods have dealt them. Sid Crosby, the best player in all of hockey, played only a few games before suffering a recurrence of concussion symptoms, and no one knows when he will be back in the line-up. Kris Letang, the Pens all-star defenseman, was out for weeks and weeks with a concussion, but he’s finally returned to the line-up and is playing so well that he was invited to the All-Star game. But Jordan Staal is still out with a knee injury after missing half of last season with a foot injury he suffered during the playoffs of the season before that. And many other players have missed a significant number of games this season due to injuries. Injuries are a part of the game. Although the Penguins have suffered far more than their share of injuries, the team has continued to play pretty well thanks in part to all the talent they can bring up from their AHL affiliate, the Wilkes Barre-Scranton Penguins, aka, the Baby Pens. The Baby Pens play the same system of hockey that the Pens use, so when players are called up, they fit right in.
This is the episode where I totally stopped caring about what’s at stake in this ridiculously high-budget competition between Sket-dan and the Student Council, because the show doesn’t really care about it either at the moment, it’s all about the here and now. And it delivered not one but two superb duels – one between Tsubaki and Shinzo, and another between Switch and Daisy. The two matches couldn’t have been more different, but they both worked, and rocked.
Though it's a frozen meal, everything had a fresh taste. I really appreciated the texture of everything as well. The beef was tender, the watercress and broccoli crunchy, and the rice, well let me just say I wish my rice would come out just as it did everytime, because it was absolutely perfect. They even have meal tips at their website to enhance your Wanchai Ferry Meal which include things that you can add into your meal, and side dish suggestions.
News Story of the Year:
So I decided that today felt like a good time to write about what's been happening in my life, how I've been doing, and all that jazz. Considering it's been a long time since I wrote about my life at all, I feel like there's a lot of catching up to do.
2) 5 Philadelphia Flyers 4 @ 4 Pittsburgh Penguins 3 F/OT, PHI 1-0
Serves 8-10.
If you’re just looking for something to look nice in your yard, you’ll want a flower garden. These are usually filled with perennial flower.
Yesterday my mom actually was the one to drive me to my injection, and I found it ironic that I was faced with walking away very straight and sure of myself, in a packed room, when they called out my name to go get tortured. I had to force myself NOT to turn around for one little small finger wave and wish she was allowed to come with me and hold my hand. Stupid I know. But I am still a girl inside. I swear it.
His first engagement was at the Village Vanguard Nightclub in New York. It was a two weeks contract. The two weeks became a year. Hollywood called and Lancelot was signed by Columbia Films for a featured role in "Two Yanks in Trinidad," with Pat O'Brien and Janet Blair.
These topics of divine and spiritual love between Radha and Krishna will always remain a mystery as long as we remain on the material platform. Love on the spiritual platform is devoid of selfishness. The needs and interests on the other take precedence over one's own needs. The kind of love that comes closest to spiritual love is the love exhibited by a mother towards her child. It's full of sacrifice and is completely selfless; it is without expectation.
NASA: The last shuttle lifted off yesterday and two things crossed my mind. One: dang I’m getting old. I remember in school when they use to wheel in the Volkswagen size televisions for us to watch the lift off. Two: I guess the term, “It isn’t rocket science,” is now passé, they're unemployed like the rest of us.
And remember...its not too late to order your holiday greeting cards and gift tags!
What’s the most innovative thing you’ve seen a customer do to leverage their credits/obtain credits?
Julius Malema has shown no such restraint, and has shown his true colours by praising the Mugabe regime. And this is a clear indication of one scenario for South Africa's future: Julius Malema becomes president (possibly succeeding Jacob Zuma), and then it's goodbye to our hard-won democracy. Perhaps in another 15 years time there will be South African refugees sleeping in the Methodist Church in Harare.
I wake up to another morning,
It's not actually a terrible list, especially if you just chuck most of the CEOs. (For example, Stumptown's Duane Sorenson is on the list, and that's a great call. Stumptown is the face of third wave coffee.) Incidentally, there's only one critic, wine maven Robert Parker. Since Michael Jackson's death, I would have to agree that there's no beer writer with even a fraction of Parker's power to affect purchasing decisions.
Brooklyn Collective showcases jewelry, clothing, gifts, and home goods from an everchanging list of Brooklyn artisans. They're open Thursday to Sunday 1-8. 212 Columbia between Union and Sackett.
“UNDEAD CREEP came alive during the horrible, torrid summer of 2009 Anno Satanas. Forced to come out of the catacombs where their decomposed bodies used to lie, pushed by the urge to bring back the spirit of old school death metal…” that’s from your promo text, who the hell writes something like that? Ha ha, its fucking entertaining!
Ardent, you don’t cover the go ahead and take cup of tea the domestic interior a paid in advance investing tote plus your utilize id tuesday guide, and you have to wait week or so and then judge and employ the cup of tea, but just the same to acquire online shopping, you could starting to become buy a good authority.
We poured so much into High Praise, we've seen the Holy Spirit move, we've witnessed God's power, and we've also gained something in return, whether we've realised it or not. I know I have; the joy of seeing people coming to Christ, the friendships strengthened, the new friends made, the experience.
# 2 is my mother and her older brother, my Uncle Obie. I don’t know what kind of car it is. Do you?
Martin Luther King on April 4th 1968
Whatever you want to call them, chances are there is a person in your life that makes things go smoother, greases the wheels of life so to speak. Maybe it's the receptionist at the doctor's office or your personal assistant. Most of us come in contact with at least one person a day who has the role of assisting someone else. And frankly, not a lot would get done without them. I may be a little biased, but I am well aware of how much we all rely on others to help us shine.
SHAME ON ME, I HAVEN’T WRITTEN IN AWHILE! -Slaps hand with ruler-
I don't have any pictures (bad blogger!) but we have also been enjoying the Italian nuggets. Ben seasoned some ground turkey with it before putting it on pizza! I bet it would be good in meat balls too!
I will now start on my Easter cards and have decided to use card sketches from sketchsupport.com and design all else on my own. I put the sketches into my Cameo library and then can just pick the one that I want to use. Let's get those creative juices flowing.
29th June 2010
Cook, without stirring, until the patty is lightly browned. Once browned, flip the patty over with your spatula, and continue cooking until the turkey is browned on both sides—well-done, but not dried out.
Metallic ring with large turquoise stone, approximate size 5.5
Behind one of the sofa's is our red buffet sitting on a small rug also a little sitting area to rest and view out side our Grandkids playing in the pool.
On April 26th you had your check up with Dr. John Epperly. Mommy is so glad that he's back from his mission work in South America and Africa. Daddy came with to the appointment, and thank goodness he did because you screamed when the nurse or Dr. John tried to touch you. You're 22lbs 9oz (40%) and 30inches tall(50%) and one healthy little girl :)
There are never enough hours in a day, but every now and then, I get to the end of the week and think, wow, I really got a lot done. Other times, it’s I didn’t get anything done all week! But you know what? It’s never enough! There’s so much more to do, and I have so many more book ideas that I want to write.
Hi Everyone, I heard today about a very interesting project planned for 11 November 2011. It is called the 11 Eleven Project and it is an international not-for-profit film project that aims to use the arts to create global good. The email came from the Women's Partnership Diversity Coordinator for the project, because she wants to ensure that the story of womanhood, motherhood and sisterhood is captured in the global narrative. To find out more, and to leave a snapshot of your life on 11/11/11, please visit the official website here. If you like, you can follow them on Twitter at @11elevenproject.
In addition to your image you need to consider your growth. If it’s possible you could quickly outgrow your home office and be unable to capitalise on growth potential then moving to an office now could give you better opportunities in the future. However, this comes down to cost. Do you have the capital to invest now and is your income steady enough to cover the costs on a monthly basis. There is no point risking the whole business just because you ‘think’ it could grow ‘at some point’. Better to stay put and save any profits for when the time is right to move.
Martin Luther (1483-1546), widely regarded as the father of the Protestant Reformation and a number of unintended babies, was a German theologian and religious reformer who challenged the supremacy of the Catholic Church. He also had a vast influence on European concepts of politics, economics, education, language and hair styling, with his now-familiar bowl cut making him one of the most crucial figures in modern European history.
Rumbold was cursed for a reason. This reason is discussed in detail. The curse also affects who Rumbold is as a person. Yes, the book even discusses the physical and psychological effects that being a frog may have had on the prince after he has become human again. Rumbold is a character that I immediately sympathized (*cough* fell in love *cough*) with, even as a frog. He is a charmingly awkward, yet witty young man (er, frog) with obvious personal issues. But underneath it all you know there is a dashing prince who can surely pull through. I may have found a new fairy tale crush!
Just one in 40 pupils who started school in 1995 passed final-year higher grade mathematics and just one in five pupils who completed school in 2008 had good enough grades to enter university, according to a report last year by the Development Bank of Southern Africa.
Redgrave, I think, has the same kind of a role that Gloria Swanson had in Airport 1975, as the big-name star who flaunts what she has and throws her big-name weight around while pointing guns at people, taking bubble baths, and being the worldly lady of leisure. She manages herself well, but what did you expect from a Redgrave?
“Thanks baby, we’re just fooling around there. I dare him to dance goofy all the time and he ends up dancing like a pro.”
-Hot Glue Gun
Many people fought with me over logistics and tryed to ‘make me be normal’ according to the hetero-normative scale AND the Gay-Scene rules. I was called a closet-Transsexual, I was told I made no-sense, and many other mislabeling or insulting commentary. It was freeing for me to be able to explain it in one term instead of trying to explain it all in description. Most people are more accepting of a concept if they can name it.
Chabon’s editorial premise was simple: a lot of great fiction falls under the lowbrow category “genre.” That includes science fiction, horror, mystery, what folks called “pulp fiction” back in the thirties. “Pulp” because of the grade of paper the magazines were printed on, the cheapest possible, made from wood pulp.
Wednesday 7:00-8:00 pm
6If I say what is in my mind, my pain becomes no less: and if I keep quiet, how much of it goes from me?
Hello guests and readers of my blah, blah, blah. Forgive me for my tardiness. I sometimes type away at a blog entry but refuse to post it until I have pics to back it up which is a bad idea because I sometimes can’t get to downloading those needed pics.
But as I said the way this thing has been drawn out just amazes me so who knows. One thing is for sure we slip further down daily and things have not gotten better but worse so even if it still drags on and on we all know where it is heading.
proud because I usually eat when I am stressed.
Now this was a very good deal.
A decision that wasn’t hard to make but hard to follow through on is going to the gym. I’ve recently chose to start going to the gym. I know it’s good for me, but damn it’s hard on my body. I’ve also chosen to stop eating processed foods and fast foods, as well as to start cutting out sugar and other chemicals found in our food today. It was an easy choice but it’s hard to practice it when you’ve been raised to eat junk. (Junk = fast food, boxed foods, lots of processed sweets & sodas) I’ve also chose to start doing more activities outside, walking/hiking, kayaking, & hopefully biking. I’m tired of being tired & sick of being fat. I see photos of myself and I’m amazed at how I look. I HAVE control over that so I’m doing something about it. Unlike some other things in life I don’t have control over.
5)Are you planning on doing any preparedness events in europe or even back in America? My GF and I are Gearing up for a big trip in the next year or so after we get school loans paid off and I would love to see the european side of preparedness.
Following on from my earlier posts on the editing structure of slasher films, this week I have a draft of a paper that combines my early observations (much re-written) along with an analysis of the relationship between editing and the narrative structure of Friday the Thirteenth (1980)
My books are above in the header. Overprotected, Nailed, Magic Hands, Falling for Romeo, A Season of Eden and The Heavenly series. The Heavenly covers in the header are for the hardcovers. I only offer paperback through the giveaway, for reasons of expense.
I believe in Jesus Christ, his only Son, our Lord, who was born of a woman, suffered under Pontius Pilate, was crucified, died and was buried; on the third day he rose again from the dead; he ascended into heaven, and is seated at the right hand of God the Father almighty; from there he will come to judge the living and the dead.
Sadly, too many times even my clients are overwhelmed by the uninformed public sentiment of information is free, expertise is not necessary to validate and what is printed with ink and bytes must be true and factual… it is sometimes a very sad state of affairs. In most of these cases this uninformed mass does noting to solve the problem they just derail the reality of focusing on the possible solutions.
subject and the object .. dreamt and the dreamer .. program and the machine
The song on my mind: Koi Fariyad ~ Tum Bin
While you may find a makeup workshop or makeup courses in most major cities, the place to go to really learn makeup is Hollywood. The greatest makeup artists reside and teach in or around the Los Angeles area. When evaluating various makeup classes, here’s what to look for:
In the case of international relationship, whether you’re transferring or have not too long ago moved you could also take a look at what that country’s on-line dating companies has to offer. They work the identical in most countries and the one factor which is perhaps totally different is the cost option. If there is a value then it normally doesn’t price a lot of money, usually around twenty dollars per energetic month however the expenses might be different.
After loading my wife’s clubs onto the cart, I started loading mine when I heard my wife asked whether I wanted to meet a legend or not. I turned around and almost choked when I saw Smokey Robinson, music legend and Motown artist. Smokey often plays at Los Robles Greens in Thousand Oaks where he plays with the “gordies” (sons of Berry Gordy founder of the Motown label).
was fitting.
At U.S. Figure Skating, the Board only runs the show during the year. At the annual business meeting, delegates gather from the skating clubs all over the U.S. to form the Governing Council, which must approve the Board’s work and the next Budget. The Council resolved that the Board would stop spending more than it took in each year and thereby balance the budget…no more deficits funded from the rainy day fund. The rain for that was supposed to be bad weather for the organizarion, not reduced privileges for high mucky-mucks.
Coming Wednesday: Yogi Berra and Ron Guidry autographing details!
An Old Fashioned Christmas
When we had Henry join our family, I could not stop thinking about the blessings of eternal families.
"We can't waste any time. Children will die if we don't do something about this now." Her knuckles turned white with her grip on the butter knife. She twisted her head. Her mouth a butterfly's breath away from his and her eyes not meeting his intense gaze. "I can't let any children die."
Son başvuru: 6 Ağustos 2012
As I get things together (including downloading the first digital pictures taken on a rainy walk through the Tuileries), let me share one one thing that might be of interest: How does a chic Parisian dress during rainy, windy, chilly days? Well, my eagle eye (that's a laugh) comes up with this:
Deputy Minister of Basic Education Enver Surty said matric prelim exams, due to start in a fortnight, could be affected.
Another inconsistency is that holiday lettings accommodation have allowable deductions for repairs and maintenance, water rates, depreciation on fixtures and fittings and even the TV Licence! No such allowances are made for pubs (or for that matter shops). And I'll never believe a 'poor farmer' again when their land and most of their business related buildings are exempt from business rates.
For Jewish Baseball Players:
All this gym time guys are spending these days is probably the biggest representation of that. The general consensus these days, is that a man with a hot body is what all females want *cue males Stonebridge to Brixton signing up at gym*.
It's amazing that I can be on here reading other blogs without the motivation to update my own!
The work of the Light has brought you to the moment when a great prosperity is to sweep through your societies. This prosperity heralds a series of governmental changes which will enact, among many things, the legal basis of your freedom and individual sovereignty, accompanied by an official proclamation of this. It is a historic moment. For the first time since you were permitted to enter limited consciousness, you are to be acknowledged as worthy Beings by your former ‘masters.’ At a stroke you become their equal, able to wield justice and appropriate retribution for their crimes against you and your ancestors. This time is when the present reality collapses and is transformed into a vehicle capable of conveying you back to the very threshold of full consciousness. Our responsibility is to take you from that doorway through to your final transformation, which will allow you to take your place once again among your many spiritual and space families. This will be a moment of long-awaited celebration for us all!
Suddenly, there he was, sitting calmly on the steps to the cabin, his fat little body resting on his tiny feet. Joe, the chipmunk, has come to say goodbye (I know not tremendously original, but somehow the name suited him.) We first met this cute little guy a couple of days ago, as he came to the porch expecting food.
Occasionally, he would get creative. And while most meals went over well (Chicken and Broccoli, sucka!), one blindsided us completely: Texas Chainsaw Chili and Spaghetti Squash, a.k.a. Two Terrible Tastes That Tasted Like Evil Together.
I just received the 2xLP version. I've received a bunch, but I'm only putting as many on sale as that I can possibly carry with me to the post office tomorrow.
9. Get rid of deadwood and incompetence. If sufficient effort has been made to rehabilitate a worker and if that still fails, then the Government has no choice but to sack the worker. Clear procedures must be put in place so that there is no discrimination and that all inquiries are properly conducted before dismissal.
8. He starts working on the taxes on Saturday, April 14, and discovers he doesn't have the basis information for the stock sale, which is really important information, because we did not make $15 a share on that stock! We made maybe 75 cents a share. We do not want to pay taxes on $15 a share. So he has to tear apart his office looking for the documents with the purchase price of the stock.
I was finally going to find out what my mother was hiding.
is like furry bad!
Socci believes that when John Paul II decided to release the Secret, a power-struggle of sorts erupted in the Vatican. He postulates that John Paul II and Cardinal Ratzinger wanted to release the Secret in its entirety, but Cardinal Sodano, then Vatican Secretary of State, opposed the idea. And opposition from a Vatican Secretary of State is formidable.
I don’t know much about modelling. My initial reaction is that it’s seedy and dangerous for teenage girls. But the only model I actually know is delightful and had a great experience. What’s the truth? It’s something many of my fans may consider, so I ought to have an informed opinion.
I'm on fire. I've had some inspiration whack me upside the head recently and it's my hope and prayer that the ideas I am trying to record will come to fruition through partnerships with others in my church family.
P.S. My thanks to all the people out there who know more than I do and are willing to share their wisdom. Stealing another favorite line from a favorite movie, The Wizard of Oz, (sing along everyone), “I’ve been whiling away the hours, conversing with the” . . . bloggers.
What I thought about this card then: Didn't see it.
Here are a few ideas to help you explore the topic, taken from Spanish Festivals and Traditions.
1. Write first. What relief I would have felt, had I given myself an hour, even, to get that one scene down before trying to work on other things.
Well, I guess I have rambled on in a disjointed way long enough. I guess I'll share our tentative menu for the week. So here goes:
Most of the castles I've been to have a long and often bloody history but not so Comstoun castle, just outside Kirkcudbright - I doubt all that many of the towns residents even know it exists. It is tucked in a wood behind a large manor house also known as Comstoun. The name makes it's first appearance in history when Walter fitz Walter de Cummstun swore fealty to Edward I and makes no appearance after that till the 15th century. It would appear that the castle was built by Sir John Kennedy around 1500 (I read that the architecture matches this suggestion). The most exciting thing to have happened here is that in the late 1500s one of the leading Scottish poets of his age, Alexander Montgomerie, rented the place. The new mansion that stands today was completed in 1828 but it appears that the castle had already fallen into disrepair by that time - in 1794 it is described, "the remains of an old building.
Don Custodio
During the Last Supper, Jesus turned to Peter and said He had been praying for him (Luke 22:31–32). In the face of His impending agony our Lord was thinking of Peter! Later, we see that Peter failed Jesus by not keeping watch at Gethsemane and by denying Him. The Bible tells us Peter wept bitterly after his denial of Jesus (Luke 22:62). Whenever I think of how I miserably fail in my walk with Christ, I can relate to how Peter must have felt. But the good news is that Peter’s story—like your story and mine—is redeeming. Notice who the angel mentions by name at Jesus’ tomb (Mark 16:7) … Peter! In the midst of rescuing all of creation, God wanted Peter to be encouraged. About 30 years later, Peter had the opportunity to deny Jesus again, but this time he didn’t. Instead, he demonstrated his faith by becoming a martyr for Christ (John 21:18–19). Tradition has it that Peter was crucified around AD 64 under Emperor Nero, the cross being upside down at his own request since he saw himself unworthy to be crucified in the same way as his Lord. When I look at the events of Passion Week from Peter’s perspective, I am overwhelmed and grateful for God’s amazing concern, persistence and love.
Rich and I respected each other and didn't judge each other. He was far from perfect and so was I. But we just blended so well. He taught me so much about how to love and not be afraid to let those innermost feelings out. I was so guarded because I'd been burned by my sons birth father. I kept thinking the other shoe was going to drop. Finally, I got the message that this was true love and I could let it all hang out. I taught him what it felt like to be loved. He was orphaned at 2 years old. He never had true love. Even
Gabriel is officially a rake. He’s spent his adulthood flitting from ballroom to ballroom managing to capture the heart of many a youthful debutante and the bedroom of many a widowed Lady. But with the purchase of a country estate Gabriel is ready for a bit of quiet amongst friends for the holiday season.
Malaysian police on Saturday fired teargas and water cannon as crowds of protesters demanding electoral reforms surged into a central square in Kuala Lumpur, AFP correspondents said.
the blue eye of Amun-Ra
“I always really liked building things,” says Joel. “I found designing satellites and other spacecraft interesting simply because space is such a rigorous environment to operate in. To fly in space, you have to fly at over eight kilometres a second, in no atmosphere, in hard radiation, where temperatures can vary hundreds of degrees from the sun to the shade. It’s an impressive design challenge.”
Learning to read body language is helpful in a lot of situations, but understanding the cues you send out and reading cues from others can be immensely helpful in a job interview. It’s especially important that you come of as pleasant and charming right off the bat because many decisions are made on the basis of a first impression. The most important thing is to avoid negative body language. For the most part you just want to avoid nervous ticks like touching your face and letting your leg become restless. You also don’t want to slouch or sit to rigidly. Basically, your goal is to appear comfortable but professional. If you can do that, you’ll be in good shape.
(featuring sorrowful slide guitar and a tired, mournful vocal)
After the last time, not posting for quite some time, I promised myself I would not let so much time pass before posting here again. Yeah right, see how that one worked out for me!
We’d all like to grow more social businesses. After hearing about the positive effects that social media can have on our business, in terms of new customers, better word of mouth and brand perception, we’re sold on the idea. But that doesn’t mean we know what growing a social business truly entails. Sure, there’s the company Twitter account, but what does “being social” mean to every day operations? What does that look like on an internal level and what do you need to shift inside your organization to increase that sense of socialness with your customers and your employees?
And "shadowy group of conservationist saboteurs" is as one-dimensional description of a villain as I've seen in a while. It's actually a reason I'd reject this even if the writing was any good. Boring villains make boring books.
3. Drama Queen No.2 has managed to survive a visit to the dentist and was able to communicate through the use of vigorous hand signals that, no she would not like two loose teeth just tweeked out – past experience having taught her that hesitation on this type of issue results in plier type instruments being thrust into her mouth.
G Bananas
'I think I could have been shot in the groin then but just not realised. I was running on adrenaline then I was completely out of it for a number of days afterwards.'
When an idea for a post comes to you, write it down! Whenever I get the idea for a new post I either will jot it down in my planner, or, if I'm near the computer, I'll even make a draft post on Blogger. If I have a title idea I'll write it then, if not I'll just write something that will let me know the topic. Then inside the draft, I'll either write the post, or just jot down notes so I won't forget what I was thinking. I currently have close to 20 drafts, which is great, because it provides me a store of posts for times when I might be feeling uninspired or be just plain busy!
DORO, the queen of heavy metal, has just revealed some details on the upcoming EP „Raise Your Fist In The Air“ which will be released August 3, 2012. The EP will contain the following songs and will be issued on CD, vinyl and as digital download:
Hutz: Uh-oh! We’ve drawn Judge Snyder!
Later that day, I was able to do a little research and found out that the Ursa Minor Weizen Stout is from the newest brewery to open in Portland, Maine. The Rising Tide Brewing Company described as, "a family-owned craft brewery, specializing in artisanal, hand-crafted ales brewed in small batches (90 gallons at a time) in a one-barrel brewhouse." According to the bottle, the Ursa Minor is Rising Tide's version of a winter wheat beer that is, "perfect for an icy winter's eve." It has a,"German wheat-beer yeast and a base of malted wheat, along with a blend of dark crystal and roasted malts to create a wheat stout."
In all likelihood, the Indianapolis Colts and the Washington Redskins are going to pick these two players in the above respective order, but there have been numerous reports since the NFL Combine that RG3, as he has become known, has surpassed Luck in value and potential. We as fans, have gone through an entire season of both college and professional football, hearing about the “Suck For Luck” campaign. I believe this is a media creation; no coach or GM in their right mind in the fickle world of the NFL would intentionally risk their own jobs to land any player, no matter their potential.
Full stop.
My Brilliant Career
Have a wonderful Friday everyone
Halle Berry instantly gave me a bad feel. I don’t dislike her, she just has an aura. That aura does not include shark wrangler. It just doesn’t. Or shark whisperer even. The whisperer part, sure.
Here's a picture of the curds draining:
You either hate that about me, or find that endearing.
Bike rack ordered, I waited patiently for it to ship in.
Paragon didn’t approve of Davy’s ways either, & continuously whittled away at him too. One afternoon when they were both sneaking a quick nap after a bite of manna, for example, Paragon whittled, “I doubt you can work a full day.”
You know, that photo of the kids with their shaved heads is reminiscent of nazi concentration camps, and the nazis had referred to their Jewish victims as a "disease" as well. The nazis also liked to shave the heads of their victims and throw them into water also. Perhaps not a coincidence considering how the mohamadeens colluded with Hitler to perpetrate the Holocaust.
Use the same diligence you channel into your writing when seeking a grant. The best reward for landing one of these jewels is that one award perpetuates another. Funders put heavy stock in a previous grant win. But like finding the right publisher and nailing a great magazine feature, you must match your needs with theirs. Both of you have a desire to succeed--and when you connect, it's a match made all the way to the bank.
Who Wants Taters?: Andrew Green's all-purpose entertainment commentary and review blog reminds me of Joe Bob Brigg's syndicated column (which I ran in an entertainment section I edited a long, LONG time ago). Lots of fun, and always good for laughs.
What was the response from Glasgow Film Office / Glasgow City Council to your plans?
you promised to call,
Those signs…… of when all of those people He placed in our lives were speaking Truth to us….
RATH: In the first season, we paid homage to what that series is, and I think we did it respectfully and in a really great way, and put our spin on it. Now, it’s our turn to do our own thing.
his sister's fiancé (Barrie gave him the horse that threw him);
Eli's been a little off lately. He's not loving much of his music....and not laughing much. This makes us sad. We feel his laughter lets us know all is right in his world.
buy a box of Ding Dongs & have a pity party with a Dr. Pepper to wash it down.
2 cups sliced okra, thawed
Mostly c) Oh dear, you appear to have been brainwashed by the anti-smoking lobbyists :)
So what do you do about it?
Those with BPD often report feelings of emptiness; they feel excluded from society, isolated and lonely. (I know I’ve had all of those feelings.) Sometimes, I’m feeling lonely and don’t realize it; I only know something doesn’t feel right.
OAKLAND: ESPN’s Adam Schefter reports that Leniart has a visit scheduled to Oakland is likely to sign with the Raiders within the next week.
Luckily with a little pin pricking and a lot of pulling, the bodice went on, though not before the girl had a squeeze of my comparably ample chest and said “La-aw na”: very good. The beautiful matching sarong took a while to put together and I was really mesmerised by the skill involved in tying it and creating a ruffle effect on the front.
3. They don’t trust Romney to do away with Crony Capitalism as he says he will do (and as he did as much as he could with limited power in Massachusetts). Why doesn’t Reason believe him…because he supported the financial bailout. Which is kind of dumb. Yes TARP was a horribly conceived and horribly executed program…but to do nothing as libertarians seem to suggest would have been equally stupid. For years government conspired to force the financial sector to give out all those crappy loans (and yes they did force and threaten them with criminal and civil lawsuits if they didn’t give them out) so while the financial sector is not exactly saintly and has more than enough blame to go around on its own, the government is equally at fault. But the libertarians argue that after you’ve stabbed someone in the kidney it’s their responsibility to heal themselves. Huh? Yes TARP should have been drastically smaller and shorter, it should have been more targeted and not an industry wide panacea, it should have probably been designed to cure the shock waver after one of the major banks went belly up to prevent a panic not preventing them all from failing, but you know what, not doing anything would have been as bad if not worse. And yes Bush, Congress and the Fed deserve a lot of blame for not doing a more limited plan, but that does not mean an outsider who had no say at any level of the decision making process should take the blame for supporting what may be the lesser of two evils. So I can’t fully hit Romney for being pragmatic and saying, yes we need TARP.
Every once in a while, however, the little out of the way meets attract enough athletes looking for an extra meet, or a tune up prior to a “big” meet, to get some pretty good results. Such was the case yesterday, as the little town of Lignano Sabiaddoro in Italy, as American women did a number in the 800 meters. To be honest I had never even heard of the town until I was scanning through results earlier today. And even then nothing was really striking as I scanned through.
Venetia Williams began training in 1995 and her first part-season produced a respectable seven winners. Things really took off the following campaign when her score went up to 33. In 1997/8 there were 45 winners from her yard at King’s Caple in Herefordshire and the following two seasons Williams sent out
The CS is SU, the Seeds Catalogue is from K&Company, the ribbon unknown., I may add a few buttons or flowers on the ribbon, not sure yet.
Command in Delta on
Screenshots of each flash into the high RF — watch these areas for severe weather in 24-48 hours… these towns (notice the epicenter of each RADAR feature) .. keep track of THOSE towns for the most severe weather to hit within 24-48 hours from now. 1245am CDT 4/14/2012.
This will be a terrific night of poetry with slammers spitting 1-minute, 2-minute and 3-minute poems in successive rounds in the hope of claiming Bill Brown at the end of the night.
The question of how to respond as a person of privilege to injustice is one that I experienced not only as a child in South Africa, but also one I have wrestled with in Israel and here in America. It is Dr. King and the vision of the Civil Rights movement that provided me with an answer to the question.
reticule or ridicule – some argue that ridicule is the only proper Regency term for a ladies purse, but you’ll see reticule used almost exclusively
Distinguishing Features: BUSINESS ACUMEN
The author also gives a theory about why Gallipoli is so huge in the Australian psyche. His theory is that the young Australia had a reputation as being fun and frivolous. It was kind of like a party-country. Gallipoli was a chance to prove to the world that Australia had moral integrity.
Now, take for example, formerly… You have seen the picture, Kṛṣṇa, Vṛndāvana picture, Kṛṣṇa’s father transferring Kṛṣṇa. They were going on bullock carts, no motorcar. You have seen the picture. So formerly, transport was bullock carts. The cows and the bulls, the bulls were employed for agricultural purpose, for drawing the carts. So there was no necessity of motorcar. Now you have got motor, motor-tractor. You don’t want the bullocks. Therefore kill them. How you can utilize them? Therefore you must have slaughterhouse to kill them. And as soon as you kill them, then you have to eat them. So this is the, I mean to say, entanglement. If you kill, then you become responsible for being killed. The subtle laws…
have a torn retina and have a lazer
in my art,
This photo doesn't do it justice but hopefully gives you the general idea.
Eleven years later, Josie is divorced and alone. She keeps mostly to herself, save the occasional lunches and dinners with her colleague and friend, Howard. She places her life on hold, impatient for the day Austin turns eighteen and she can try to find him.
that is made vulnerable by an obedient shutter,
Boy howdy, do I ever wish I had gone to a business printing site and had cards similar (or the same even, these are damn near perfect)made up! I could have used them by the dozens today.
Granny and Pa xo
The ending, in which Keaton covertly watches a movie hero to figure out the right gestures to romance his girl, suggests that, though the movies are dreams, they're dreams with tremendous power. Keaton is exploring how we learn to act by watching the movies, how we derive our templates, both romantic and professional, from the things that happen up on the screen. In this way, the movies become, not only dreams, but wellsprings of reality, feeding back into the world models of behavior, the dream influencing and reshaping reality itself.
After months of emails and tweets from M dangling the temptations of LA's famous Sprinkles Cupcakes, she made good on her promise to provide said goodies when Mr. Noodle and I returned to Redondo. True to her word, big sister brought an assorted dozen of the cupcakery's most scrumptious flavors: milk chocolate, strawberry and red velvet. And they certainly lived up to their hyped reputation - the cake was satisfyingly moist and substantial while the thick frosting was sweet without being sugary and so velvety smooth. I could even be persuaded to pry open my purse for more of these treats, if I hadn't found an economic and equally satisfying alternative on hand.
This is a poor photo of ‘Baronne Prevost’. Breezes don’t make for in-focus photos. Wave to the camera, pretty flower! The truth is that I was not intent on showing you the flower but rather the icky mess on her leaves to the right, known as damask crud, a technical term, to go along with her luscious damask scent.
And just so we’re clear: The school has $100 million in construction underway. Each building comes with a promise of newness and foundation; beyond that, RWU is located in Bristol, a beautiful New England haven, saddled by water on both sides. In fact, there are moments when I cross the campus and I’m stunned by the beauty of the setting.
Christie
There is no doubt that Hermanus was the victim of a ritual killing. Although his strong physical characteristics were much admired by the tribal chiefs, he was also considered a threat. The heart and sex organs were valuable commodities in the various ritual acts of the savage. They also believed that if a person with a strong fiery spirit was killed then that same spirit would enter the tribal chief who ordered the killing.
Apologies, readers, for the lack of a picture of my own - missed out on an opportunity there - just so busy DOING - I'm going to try to catch up this week though with words and pictures but here's what Jamie has to say on Growing Asparagus and a useful video on Preparing Asparagus
Back home we undid our belts and lay around on sofas playing Tomb Raider and downloading a fine radio app for the ipad.
90 grams cashewnuts/hazlenuts(optional but an absolutely delicious addition)
4. Sam Waterston (Gore Vidal’s Lincoln, 1988; The Civil War, 1990)
Just before he left, he said to his wife: By Allah, you are forbidden to me until I rescue this sister. He conquered three cities along the way, before he even got to the place where the sister was captured. For one entire year he fought. For one entire year, he took an army of 60,000 mujahideen. He conquered three cities, turned them completely upside down, and got all of the booty. When he reached the gates of the area where the sister was in captivity, he said he would offer them money, all the booty that they got from these three cities, in exchange for this one sister. The messenger went and he took it to the king.
Because, this is where the blood is shed; where the race is (most often) lost… or won… where the hell-hounds breathe down the neck of a potential victor… a few more kilometers, one more climb (the Bosberg) and twelve more rolling kilometers and God-like status is assured.
One last thing. On Simon Clark’s blog, timbone wrote the words of ”You’ve Got To Be Carefully Taught” from the musical South Pacific:
And all fit nicely, with room to spare, in my Smart car.
Killing Zoe
701 Pike St, Ste. 800
Do you really think Malaysians, ranking numero uno in Facebook usage would truly believe that the Cuti-cuti Malaysia Facebook page is worth RM 1.8 million?
Right now I feel - just like a leaf on a breeze
She tried to turn and felt her body burn.
We traveled, we laughed, we sang, we danced. I trusted you. And you were only the third boy I ever had sex with. I think I learned a lot from you, but mostly in the abstract how I relate to my sexuality way, not in the way your first boyfriend teaches you about sex.
Snowshoeing has many benefits that effect the whole mind, body and spirit. Explore your local parks and trails and experience a new you!
I killed the fire at last
Svali reveals that the main incentive to advance in this group is that as you reach higher levels, you are no longer required to hurt as many people, and fewer people are permitted to hurt you.
Fun show. Two food remotes and one remote of us making t-shirts. The vote is definitely for BLUE. Please email us your gender and size and we will send you a PAYPAL invoice for $15. Shipping Included! EMAIL :: thetacomaven@gmail.com
So far, most regional and national journalists seem to be blissfully ignorant of his real political views and the motivating ideologies which underpin Searchlight/Hope Not Hate. (The same goes for Weyman Bennett/Martin Smith and Unite Against Fascism.)
Here’s why – you did not grow up learning your native language. You grew up living it. The language you were subjected to was not carefully prepared and handpicked for your particular “level” of understanding, you were bombarded 24/7 with language every single day from a trillion (yes, trillion) different sources.
One could not be a Decadent poet of the 1890s without having an acquaintance with "spleen." In this case, "spleen" derives from the ancient "four humors" theory of the body. This theory posits that our maladies, as well as our temperaments, may be traced back to the four humors: blood, yellow bile, black bile, and phlegm. Black bile is usually associated with the spleen, and, in turn, with melancholia. Suffering a bout of "spleen" was quite attractive to the Decadents.
Pretty rude
Where dwell the brave at heart,
And it must go.
*Let's avoid the obvious quip: "so he'll have some place to store his keys." Thanks.
Passing an enormous beech, its twisting entwined branches like Medusa’s hair, we pause to take on water and take in the solitude – away from the car parks, the Common is delightfully peaceful.
And mod, if you're reading this, I was warming up to you! LOL... and I think you're smart for leaving! I shall be joining you on the other side once I clear my name :)
But I did see the baby's gorgeous, unmistakeable profile. The stretching out of long fingers and the adorable heel of a foot. A real, boisterous baby moving every which way inside of me. And oh, would it be impossible for someone to stop themselves from falling head-over-heels.
Do you schedule a special time for fun creative activities?
‘Gunga Jumna’ is hell of an inescapable film. The Big Burglar at his best. It has made me miss many of my script deadlines for ‘Saudagar’. For me, the dilemma has always been to decide what is more rewarding—watching a Dilip Kumar film or writing a Dilip Kumar film?
I have always been the type to become very quiet when facing a
depending on who you talk to, 3 months is the longest time ever,
He discussed the logistics of the surgery, how he will unhook the band, and reposition it after fixing the hernia. He will suture it in a higher location than it is now, creating a smaller pouch. He has done over 1500 of these procedures, with excellent results. I was feeling very positive about the surgery.
So living in Saskatchewan like we do, there isn’t really a great abundance of fresh sea creatures at the ready, thank goodness for the technology of freezing! This is where we start our adventure: our local fish and seafood vendor has a wide assortment of sea critters for us that are caught fresh and then frozen that we defrost in water! Here is our lovely assortment of marine wonders.
Last week I mentioned to Mr. D that I had a "plan" for the bay window in the dining area of our kitchen. A typical Mr. D response would be, "that's nice", hoping that my plan, project or idea won't involve action on his part.
(Between us lovely readers, I think this deal is fraught with danger and is going to last all of 30 minutes, but it won't be me that will crack! I'm determined!)
Stephenson and his ‘Wasn’t that cool?’ attitude (I love that by the way) actually doesn’t get very deep under my skin. Maybe it was just the way I approached his novels. I was probably looking for something a little more extreme after already palleting Gibson, and Snow Crash was that book.
Many students expressed concern for the health of others who smoke and those who are exposed to secondhand smoke: the smoke hurts not only the smoker, but others who breathe in the smoke as well. They noted that “people wouldn’t get as sick if they stopped smoking.” Several students mentioned smoking was “bad for your lungs,” and caused illnesses such as lung cancer. One student stated “you can live a better life without a cigarette.”
Merlady
Sensors
A brilliant solution to a glass paneled door - cover the glass on the inside with fabric! Just use a little liquid starch to adhere it. This door leads into a walk in pantry so no matter how "messy" it may get you'll never see it. Plus I love the contrast of colors and pattern.
In verse 35, “Going a little farther, he fell to the ground and prayed that if possible the hour might pass from him. ‘Abba, Father,’ he said, ‘everything is possible for you. Take this cup from me. Yet not what I will, but what you will.’
#1- ‘American Citizen’ Kevin Scott (R)
The burger was cooked nicely, with good grilled flavors. The fried red onions were nice, and the fries were good and crispy. Was this the best burger in the area? No, not by any means, but it hit the spot today.
S – Jared Priestley (1)
Same boy: Does He watch us in the shower?
4. Speak to Me
You tip your head back, loving the feeling as I savour every inch. I take my time with you, playing gently, building up to longer, deeper moves onto you. I want to treat you, tease you, lick you, taste you and want you. With a long, slow suck, I pull my bonded lips from you and work my way back up your hot body to your neck where I nibble at you, followed by soft kisses. Your hands grab my butt and massage it, I start to circle it and grind in your hands. A sensation of tempestuous desire to be joined as one with you captivates my mind.
7lbs 12ozs
God created man with the perfect condition compared to other creatures. The first man, Adam, was given the understanding and knowledge of the names of objects in nature. Adam can give a name to an object, for example: the name of swans, destined to an animal that has a small head with long neck and can float and swim in the pond, and another name for the object that exists on earth.
So let go, just get in
I was hanging out with my kiddo yesterday, enjoying some down time since it was raining and her softball practice was cancelled. We baked a cake, watched a little TV, nothing much.
You can still stand tall
Wasabi peas
From Wednesday to Sunday, 11am to 5pm
Wild windy day today. We got our ride in early to beat the nasty weather approaching the region, started out at 7am. Yes I know, too keen, we did beat the worst of it but oh my Moniave to Dalry with a very strong headwind, painful! The bacon butties in New Galloway were very welcome indeed. What a place to cycle in though, we are so lucky living here, it's an amazing area.
I used pipe insulation to fill the gap between the dowel and stand.
“It was a minor one, there is no
NCC
So, Kerry and I made plans to make some more. Last year we got together and made a whole bunch of soap for gifts and ourselves. We ended up with a bunch of soap for gifts and personal use. I'll admit to being a bit stingy with it, it's good stuff!
Prescott Farmers Market
It seems like a lifetime ago, but it has only been one month since we received our referral and met our Finley Grace.
Genres: Action/Adventure/Thriller
And a quick comparison of ArkivMusic.eu with Presto reveals that if I were to buy the first two Handel items I saw, it would be about €7 cheaper via Presto - and Presto's not the cheapest site around, either.
The natural-color image of the galaxies was taken with NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope and with the Canada-France-Hawaii Telescope in Hawaii.
Today Jon and I went to see a guy about a gravestone for Bow's grave. Do you have any idea how hard that is to wrap your mind around: Picking out a gravestone for your baby boy? Words truly cannot express how wrong that is, how hard that is. And I just keep coming back to why? Why did this happen to our baby? Why did this happen to our beautiful boy? Why did this happen to our family??
We sing of red.
“This is patently false. Take temperature over the U.S. as an example. The variability of daily temperature over the U.S. is much larger than the anthropogenic warming signal at the local, weather time scales. Depending on season and location, the disparity is at least a factor of 5 to 10. I think that a more scientifically justifiable statement, at least for the U.S. and extratropical land areas is that --- Daily weather noise continues to drum out the siren call of climate change on local, weather scales.”
If you want the recipe, just email me! Try these!!
Surely this form will come good and eventually, some day some time, such dominance will be rewarded, in spades? Saturday at Carrow Road was not quite that day however, for once everything we, or should I say Luis Suarez, tried seemed to come off. True we were helped by the home side’s hesitancy on the ball in key areas but for once we made them pay, dearly. What could have been a depressing end of season fixture against a normally decent side, turned into something a of a very welcome cake walk setting us up nicely for Wembley next Saturday.
She discovered a great many problems in my blood chemistry, not the least of which was glucose at pre-diabetic levels. As well, I have acidosis which is a highly acidic body chemistry, high sodium levels, high potassium levels, too many liver enzymes, high cholesterol and anemia from very low iron.
For the other side I needed extra thickness at the top for the brackets to attach to so I put
Recorded in Rome 1975, July 28
I kind of have too much energy, hence these numerous blogposts
“Here,” he said as he tossed the bone to Angelo, “now skee-daddle!”
Alright my dears! Pray for us tomorrow! Not shooting for any specific time, just for a sweet finale with the family. Enjoy your weekend. And my goodness don't forget about the giveaway!
* Visited the sitter for 2 days!
With your back to the Zuid station you will see the enormous Justitie Paleis on the top of the hill and below it one of the best areas for lambiek in the capital- the genuine De Marollen (Marolles) district. Ploegmans and Het Warm Water- the latter with home-made faro based on Girardin lambiek- are places to seek out.
If you have a traditionally published book and would like the conference bookseller, Aaron’s Books, to see if they can get it for the conference, please forward your information to Conference Coordinator Danielle at DRAY@BOOKREMARKS.NET.
This vicious cycle continues until her children are grown. And then the regret comes. The wishing for her children to grown faster has reversed. And now she wishes she could have it back. That she would have:
Wrinkle free
Fumbles
Wayne worked all day on his paper work.
Secondly, Stallone made an interesting choice when writing the novelization for Rocky 2. Most novelizations I’ve read are written in third person; this one is written in the first person! In fact, Rocky is relating his story to us as the narrator. This is fantastically weird, considering one of the most endearing traits about Rocky Balboa is that he’s not the brightest bulb in the chandelier. In other words, LOTS of apostrophes are used to shorten off words into a form that simulates a less educated person’s dialect.
--Prudential Douglas Ellman Real Eastate
The following day, I eliminated the horizontal option, figuring that if the vertical plane was the only one available, I might get to see that fully covered surface. The first two girls outside went right at it. I gave them stools, both to help them reach the top and to eliminate some of the jostling from the day before. There were only a few of us outside at the time and so I was really able to focus on what was happening. At least half of what they attempted to stick on the board wound up falling to the ground. That was strange. As I'd dismantled the horizontal cork board art from the day before, I'd been impressed with how most of the kids had stuck their tacks all the way through to the opposite side, while these girls were only managing to barely get the pointy part into the cork.
But that's the only way to be
LEARNING FROM LADAKH – AN UPCOMING WORKSHOP IN INDIA
But that’s when my bullets melted on the whale.
Likewise when my son would blow up and act out in anger I would internally curse him for not being there to help me. When my kids tested me with the rules I became bitter that I had to be the heavy all the time.
I resist temptation with as much fervor as the Pilgrims did. But at Christmas, I can't be logical and practical. At Christmas, we all turn into Santa. We want to surprise, delight and spoil everyone on our list. We even want to reward the salesperson who is too busy and too harried to answer our questions or show us the ins and out of an appliance. It's O.K we think. Poor guy, he has all these people to attend to!
To make these Mother’s Day Portraits, the students had the opportunity to shop at the Ma's Spa Shop, which was open today from 1:30-3:00. Ma Spa is a unique kind of store. It is only open in the days prior to Mother's Day :)
A gift so sweet and rare;
SPRAY THE PAN WITH COOKING SPRAY OR IF YOUR USING A COOKIE SHEET
(Jaejoong pov)
1/2 cup cornmeal (If you can only find cornmeal mix, skip the baking powder.)
More books from my collection - the first four Battlestar Galactica novelizations by Robert Thurston ("and Glen Larson" - sure....) from Berkley Books. The first Galactica novel adapted the pilot, and sported the familiar Robert Tannenbaum poster artwork on its cover. I must have read this book a couple dozen times in Junior High....
Another absolutely stunning fantasy adventure is Mortlock by Jon Mayhew. The wonderful knife-throwing heroine, Josie, is thrown by her guardian's death into a world of danger, excitement and supernatural crows. Not for the squeamish!
In my younger days, I enjoyed many an afternoon in a robust workout on the basketball court. I’ve never had much of a vertical leap and my three-point shot rarely found the hole, but I’ve always been a good ball handler, even perfecting a behind-the-back crossover that frequently left me open for a layup. What’s been hurting my game in the gym lately is that the floor tends to get a little slippery when I have to splash through a puddle of my own urine.
Here is the place where I pick up my subscriptions, chat it up with some of the local geekery, and generally just waste a lot of time.
This week's challenge at Fantabulous Cricut is for all the book lovers out there! We are challenging you to create anything to do with a book. You can make a book, add an image of a book to your project, make a bookmark, etc. There are so many possibilities!
It's not enough just to assume that modern tattoo subjects think that a dragon has a 'cool shape'. So do giraffes, humming birds and stick insects, but you don't see many of those when the shirts come off at summer parties.
This ideology also harms Muslims. Islam believes that everything men have to know can be found in the Koran. As such, it is hostile to all forms of innovation. But without innovation there can be no progress and people cannot prosper.
So my question is: How big was the dragon's head, and how long were it's teeth? Because I'm having trouble picturing a 50-foot long dragon (we learn of this length when the Geats tip its body over the cliff ) that can get its teeth near someone's neck without just taking the head right off.
Brushes
Following the success of our inaugural Art Brownie show in Toronto last November, we are launching Art Brownie RAINBOW 2012 – an exhibition that targets 1000+ pieces Art Brownie works by national and international artists. RAINBOW 2012 is now calling for world-wide artists employing different types of media to participate.
8 (Oh dear!)
It’s a learning process and a judgment call on my part. You learn as you go from spanking to spanking. I put a couple of marks on her, and I don’t like that, so I modified it afterwards. I have spanked too hard but only realized it later—there has to be a little acceptance on the part of Lynda that I don’t always get it right and we both have to learn as we progress.
The candy will end at June 13th, at 23.59 norwegian time.
Woot, woot! Well, I can never say I never win anything anymore. Remember that blog contest on Wednesday? Yep, I won a Kindle Touch from the fabulous K.M. Weiland! I'm so excited!
* Follow back when you get a new follower through Friday Follow
From less prestigious law schools
But during our recent senate debates when we asked the candidates who is their favorite senator in Connecticut history, not one person answered Dodd or Weicker.
The Monticello plant has a backup system powered by compressed nitrogen that officials said would power the vents if the plant lost all power. The venting system has never needed to be used, the utility said.
So funny story. One of the editors said to me randomly, "You know Friday is the Open-See event at Henri Bendel. Are you going?" For those of you who don't know, Bendel's is infamous for their designer open calls. It's like American Idol for accessories designers. It's a first come first serve event where you stand in line for hours and then present your collection to the buyers of the prestigious store. I figured what are the odds that I would be in New York with nothing to do on a Friday so I had to try to go. Mind you I was flying back to LA at 4pm. I figured I had to at least try. If I didn't get in by 12:30 I'd leave for the airport. So I woke up before the sun was out to stand in line.
The camaraderie between Shaggy and Scooby Doo is best illustrated by their dining arrangements. They are both perpetually afflicted by ravenous hunger and highly susceptible to bribery with food. But contrary to the norms of human-pet interaction, there is no distinction between them in either the mode of eating or the type of food accepted. Scooby Doo will happily devour any sandwiches and cakes that are placed in his path, and Shaggy does not try to claim first right to them as a human. Similarly, Shaggy will gratefully swallow any “Scooby-snacks” that are thrown in his direction, even though these dog-biscuits were designed to suit the tastes of his canine friend.
Australia emits 1% of the world's total carbon Dioxide and the government wants to reduce this by 20%t or reduce emissions by 0.2 % of the world's total CO2 emissions.
FROM THE U.S AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA
Drunk guy, "I've been blacking out for years, but right now I'm off my anti-blacking-out medication."
It's cold out there! Our new fall weather really brings it home that winter is coming and flu season is here. If you haven't thought about the flu yet this year, now is the time to get active about staying well this flu season.
Nice subtle aroma, fresh and inviting with a taste that is crisp and refreshing with a nice bright carbonation. Not as bitter as some but certainly enough to qualify as a pilsner standard but probably only just. Well balanced and a nice drop. Again, try with mild food.
Keep in mind though that just because you may be genetically predisposed to fear spiders, doesn’t mean there’s nothing you can do about it. Systematic desensitization, exposure therapy, and cognitive behavioral therapy are remarkably effective at treating phobias and can even be enhanced pharmacologically with d-cycloserine.
Next Issue: (again, I'll let Mr. Fleisher deliver the pitch on this one) Harris gets eaten by rats, Borsten gets burned alive, and the Needle gets blown to hell!
One is a universal memory card to store photos (hopefully from my party), a snuggie and an amazing portable chair you can fold up, put in a purse/pocket and take anywhere. Shout out to Five Below!
Let’s give truly fictional scenes a pass, after all this is just a parody of “you-know-which-book”.
Body Movers by Stephanie Bond – I think this is another similar leading lady with Carlotta, as well as another torn decision between so many men popping up in her life! I think if you liked this one as well, definitely pick up Buying Time!
Dormant Bank & Building Society Acts has sector here in our commercial Bank, So you have no problem. Try and send send this immediately let us proceed . You feel free to call me is urgent .
it can be jarring,
Place a crab stick in it and pinch the two ends to seal it.
Stained glass art can also be appreciated for how the artist may present the story in each glass “frame” to draw in the viewer. At times, the frame is just a reflective chapter of a larger stained glass artwork narrative.
Mark J. Ellis, 26, South Huntington, N.Y.
Green Flash Double Stout – CA – 8.8% ABV
Muslims Against Crusades and their beardie weirdie leader chaudhry and his smelly hobbit followers disrupted the 911 remembrance ceremony at The US Embassy in Grosvenor Square London,The EDL counter demonstrated .There were clashes this evening which left two EDL members stabbed By Muslims against crusades who attacked the two EDL members near marble arch.The Mayor of London and his wife also had some sort of trouble when they walked past the islamorageboy mohamadeens today.
“You are the one I love!” I told him
Here's a little sneak peek of my first project for Snazzy's for this month. We were given some lovely stamps that I have had the pleasure of working with once before. Hope you'll pop over to the Snazzy DT blog to look at the project details.
So anyway.
Stan might also be making the connection that his mafia friends are not so friendly after all. This season has been better so far with the exception of us following the politician, which is a bit boring. I’m assuming he must still be connected in some way, perhaps his rival will be linked to it all, and he will be involved in uncovering it, thus redeeming his professional reputation.
Cook the onions and peppers in the hot oil until soft. Add the garlic and tinned tomatoes. One the sauce is simmering again, add the chicken stock a bit at a time as the liquid evaporates. The 'sauce' should be thick, moist and glossy when served.
Many forms of art were born as forms of contestation. Many of them made it to the highest levels of society driving this artists to wealth and love
His fellow golfers on the PGA tour and one of his largest former sponsors, Accenture, weren’t too pleased with the statement coinciding with round 3 of that weekend’s tournament. Well, tough.
In many cases, and particularly when you are already in the workforce, traditional classrooms are harder to attend. When there are additional obligations such as home and family, very often the adult student has no alternative for career advancement or added education since finding time for the classes isn't always easy to accomplish.
When I was eight she remarried. My new stepfather came with an added bonus feature – a six year old stepsister whom I loathed nearly as much as him.
Now, why am I rambling on about all this? It’s because the entertainment industry seems to have an infatuation at the moment for digging up famous properties from the past and turning them into something new so as to cash in on their success, often with disastrous results. It is a golden age for the remake, although it is often at the cost of the original’s credibility.
To round out that theme, Everyman’s wife gets pissed off at her husband’s electronic tryst, and makes a beeline for the adjacent menswear section, intent on buying him a new shirt just because she knows he doesn’t want one.
The show closed with a cheeky sashay down the runway from a gorgeous burlesque dancer, and was followed by drinks, music and mini desserts served by retro usherettes. I wish we could have stayed longer as I had such a fun evening!
Dokyo : Lyrics are very important parts. But I don't think we gotta force lyrics to all kids. I usually write lyrics for 13Steps. And I don't think everybody can agree with my idea about anything that I write because the thoughts people have are different. Well, I think I can say it's just like looking up some person's diary. Still I will be happy if people catch my ideas and got something in common though. Especially on this new album, I think there will be many people who can agree with my ideas because I wrote lyrics for this album about politics and social issues.
Yay, a new drawing. Sorry for still not posting some of my commissioned paintings. I've got two that I want to post, one is in Baton Rouge right now, and one that I'm in the middle of working on. So I thought I'd post this one, which I think turned out pretty good.
Q034) If you were a boy, which member would you want to date?
Little known fact: I have a life-size Winnie the Pooh stuffed animal that I’ve had since I was seven. My parents bought it to replace the one I usurped from my sister during our younger years. If I’m having a particularly awful day, sometimes I’ll fall asleep with The Heffalump Movie playing on my computer. The background on my iPhone is of the 100 Acre Woods. I get all chocked up when watching Winnie the Pooh: A Valentine for You. (At the end… when Pooh decides not to try to cure Christopher Robin’s smitten condition because he see’s that Christopher Robin is happy. So. Beautiful.)
Do Nier’s occasionally-clunky mechanics and sometimes-repetitive gameplay make it a “bad” title? Absolutely not. They may, however, put off the less patient players out there — and that’s fine. Those who stick with it will find themselves enjoying a surprisingly creative adventure, while those who chose to forgo the game’s hidden charms and depths for whatever reason doubtless have plenty of other things they’d like to spend their time playing.
1c. semi-sweet chocolate chips
But to imagine that such a thing enters the heads of a great and growing majority of immigrants and their descendants is a ludicrous misconception, and a dangerous one.
able to see how it fits into the story they now believe, an expanded
Which band was Paul Brady a member of in the 1970′s?
3.A visit with the doctor, a nurse, and a psychologist.
We’re lucky enough in Melbourne to have a book store dedicated to romance books. Rendezvous is a great space to browse, chat with fellow romance book lovers and there’s also a cafe so you can chill out and get a cup of coffee with your book.
Genre: Ficiton
The CJ considered the balance between competition in the European Union and monopoly rights granted under intellectual property law: the purpose of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) was to prevent shape marks being used to create a monopoly on technical solutions or functional characteristics of a product. There were similar provisions in Community Design Regulation 6/2002. The condition of the shape ‘exclusively’ performing a technical function was satisfied where all essential characteristics of the sign performed a technical function. The fact that a shape may have additional non-essential characteristics would not take it outside the scope of Article 7(1)(e)(ii) if all the essential characteristics performed a technical function.
Now, I've heard that not everyone has a difficult time going through the threes. Perhaps my children struggle because they are the product of two people who were described as "stubborn", "hard-headed", and "strong-willed" as children. Today, we delight in the fact that we are now called "dedicated", "passionate" and "committed". A good reminder that traits that may seem negative in childhood can blossom into very positive traits in adulthood! So, you may have more mellow, easy-going children who transition quite easily through this stage. But, for the rest of you, I hear you.
where more lost air-luggage ends up than anywhere else.
Your common actual living casino would charge a rake high enough that will not make you lose too a lot income out of your winnings however at the same time sustain the company. They’re not hiring the dealers, waitresses along with other staff for no cost! They surely need to shell out to get a total whole lot of other things for instance utility bills and put some cash inside home furniture and other points. It charges a lot to operate casinos so how can they afford all of the expenditures in operating the establishment and still make a decent profit? It’s all within the rakes they consider in.
“I don’t think my life is that interesting,” he said.
blow it away yeah
Get your bags together
I ran into an English friend, Matt Beer, the other day and asked how his French was coming along. Not so good, was the reply. It turns out that Matt, one of the funnier people I know, still finds it virtually impossible to be funny in French. Because I’m also one of the funnier people I know, I totally relate. I asked Matt to write a little something about that and here’s what he sent.
Oh right. So I'm back from vaca! But um, ya... I'm not here on my blog again today.
BN in Jersey!
flavour. Quite empty, slightly bluesy. And I felt how
One more bit of context: By comparison to the 250 kids killed in 2008 by drunk drivers, according to the CDC 756 children aged 1-14 were murdered in 2006, the last year for which they have records. (Go here for data.) Not all of those, of course, were sexual assaults, but I find zero support for your contention that drunk driving is killing 1000% more kids than predators assaulting them. Strictly by the numbers, the latter is a more common problem.
06 Cantonese Boy
“The history of the American Negro is the history of this strife,—this longing to attain self-conscious manhood, to merge his double self into a better and truer self. In this merging he wishes neither of the older selves to be lost. He would not Africanize America, for America has too much to teach the world and Africa. He would not bleach his Negro soul in a flood of white Americanism, for he knows that Negro blood has a message for the world. He simply wishes to make it possible for a man to be both a Negro and an American, without being cursed and spit upon by his fellows, without having the doors of Opportunity closed roughly in his face”.
The library is green too!
1 x (1521)Guinness Foreign Extra (can) = 7.20
"I would like to forget what I cannot change;
She gasped. “It is not a booty call. It’s a date.”
To get rid of the flat part I used the slice tool once more. then I duplicated the horse's head and flipped the copy. By machining the two sides I will have two halves to glue together making a complete head.
And what happened to Pujadas and Ferrari? Barbie and Ken might as well have been actual dolls instead of doll look-alikes. They neither moderated, directed, nor civilized the debate. On the whole, it was as disappointing as the rest of the campaign, and if I have to hear Sarkozy say one more time "folie dépensière" or "mensonge," I think I'll scream.
cherry tree.
* If you'd like to have posts from this blog arrive directly in your Facebook news feed, you can make it so by *liking* its Facebook page.
The response of the Israeli military to the protests has been especially brutal and includes regularly laying complete siege on village every Friday, accompanied by the declaration of the entire village, including the built up area, as a closed military zone. Prior and during the demonstrations themselves, the army often completely occupies the village, in effect enforcing an undeclared curfew. Military nighttime raids and arrest operations are also a common tactic in the army’s strategy of intimidation, often targeting minors.
I arrived at the hostel to find out, for the second day in a row, that the hostel was no longer a hostel. I asked a gas station clerk if there was another one in town and he referred me to a cab driver, who told me no. I freaked out for a second, not quite willing to pay about $80 for a night in a city I didn’t want to be in. I settled on trying to catch a bus up to Doolin, the tiny town near the Cliffs of Moher that was supposed to be my next destination. I suspected there wouldn’t be any more buses that evening, but there was one at 7:15.
Back home, its coming
If you are not on my email list and would like to receive notices about other free sessions and my monthly newsletter then you can sign up through my website. www.QigongEnergyHealing.com
Since Sidney was diagnosed with his silly string of food allergies a year ago, I seem to have a constant catalogue of questions that only parents in the same plight can answer.
12603
That simple line made it all oh so much worse. I wasn’t being paraphrased, or speculated about. What was to follow was directly from me, in my own words. Or so the Daily Mail would have its readers believe.
The war came and, of course, he went back to England to join up with the army. On one of the casement panes in the dining-room window, there's a rather large (perhaps 6" by 8") engraving...presumably done with a diamond ring. The engraved poem and it's floral border are dated only a few days after the German invasion of Paris. The woman was evacuating for Bordeaux (I've always relished Adam Gopnik's description of Bordeaux as "the place where French always go to give up"), and she knew that she might never see him again....but that he might, one day, see the poem, even if she were gone. That is, in short, the gist of the poem itself (which she wrote in English for him). She did, eventually and after the war, return...and lived there for many years thereafter. He, however, never did return. She never married.
In all the furore and prurient reportage around the death of Baby P, it's all too easy to forget that others have suffered too. That's right - many of the people associated with this case have had their careers blighted and their reputations damaged; some have even lost their jobs.
permitted to come so forward as to mar the dominion of the Spirit of God
“By the time Eisenhower became president in 1953, the communist insurgency against the French had become a fierce war. In 1952, President Truman had authorized $60 million for support of the French military efforts in Indochina. In 1953, President Eisenhower increased that authorization six-fold because his advisors convinced him that, “it was the cheapest way to block the spread of communism in Southeast Asia.” Again, he urged the French government to grant independence and withdraw from Indochina. When the French refused, Ike said their response was, ‘An example of the stupidity of men’.”
This is just an issue I find curious and have some thoughts to express about. Academics in the Anglophone tradition are obsessed with policing each other to make sure they are only using active constructions.
02. Mandragora Scream – A Vision They Shared
We all know that Alex Ferguson is the master of mind games, ever since he managed to make Kevin Keegan have his biggest meltdown on TV since the TV series ‘Superstars’. But it would seem that Mancini is trying to play him at his own game.
My friend makes one LARGE pitcher of formula and then pours the servings of formula into the bags. She then puts each on in a cup and has them in the fridge, so you just pop the Lact-Aid tube into the bag when you are ready. I do 6 ounces at a time since sometimes I mix up formula when out an about and since formula lasts only 24 hours, I don’t want any extra at the end of the day.
Not only do I love the texture of this piece, but I love the colors I used. I love bright and bold colors, and use them often, but I'd never tried this color combination before. But I was trying to break out of using the same old colors I normally used, so this was kind of a risk for me. One I'm glad I took.
You are probably wondering why I am saying this, well look at it this way…. if you are still in school or just graduate and heading out sending CVs, to start off your career or simply looking for a student job; you will look for colors that are more neutral. If you are just looking for a “weekend” purse then you might look for one with brighter colors or bigger pattern.
3 likely
Why do we have thoughts?
And with Conor Lovett's truly extraordinary delivery, and Judy Garland's actual voice, I think the BBC created a moment that was better, more emotionally powerful, than my original. I really did feel the hairs rise on the back of my neck, and along my legs, no kidding.
Then my husband and I went to San Diego for our 20th anniversary, December 2008. We were eating at an outdoor cafe (you can do that in San Diego in December), and I was enjoying watching the variety of people walk by. It got me thinking about them and wondering what it would be like to actually "be" the 20-something girl in hip clothes laughing with her friends or the harried business man pushing through the crowds. I wanted to get inside their heads, feel what it was like to live in their skins for a day.
Catalog#: HLL 101-25
The Somers show was wonderful today and there is one more day to go!
So now you have all your materials what next?
I have been hobbling around the house unable to stand or walk properly for a week now with a lot of pain in my knees and will see the doc tonight to see what the result of the tests are.
Design capacity is the number of inmates a prison can house based on one inmate per cell, single-level bunks in dormitories, and no beds in places not designed for housing. Current design capacity in CDCR’s 33 institutions is 79,858.
I was supposed to go to TIbet. I should even now be on the second of the two flights required to get there. But the paperwork didn't get through in time, and they suggested this other tour, which I stupidly said Sure! to before enquiring about the cost. Since it was my fault the Tibet tour was cancelled, they're not refunding a single cent of the pre-paid bill. The way the agency presented this other tour, I thought it was instead of the other (and the difference in price vs the higher-priced Tibet tour would just be lost, ok). But nooooo! Without even mentioning the price anywhere, they were charging me full price for the new tour too! Hey, waitaminute! So I had been trying to negotiate something better, seeing as my flight home wasn't for another 4 days, and could not be changed. I needed to do something with that time, and hang around this smoggy city of millions for that long would drive me nuts. We settled on my not paying for any hotels and on getting a free one-day tour of the city for my last day in China (this new tour being one day shorter). I got screwed, big time. Perhaps I could wriggle out of this new tour, which was apparently uncancellable the instant I said Sure. But it would take a lot of effort, the help of real negotiators, and anyway I really wanted to get out of town.
Before it slips away
My card is for my sister, Lisa, who has been my best friend since her birth. Well, in truth we drove our mother insane with our bickering, as only two sisters can. Our last fight, however, was in 1983...almost 30 years ago! We started girl-slapping at each other, realized at the same moment how utterly stupid that was, dissolved into laughter, threw our arms around each other, and have been best friends ever since.
Two to one.
- the thought of doing the accounts or dealing with the finances, makes us want to run away;
Your membership was revoked by the Party’s board of directors in 2010. That membership ban is still in place so we cannot accept your recent membership application”
I had lunch at Cozmo cafe in Zaitunay Bay!
Marley looked into Piper’s eyes, not understanding the question. Why wouldn’t I have done it?
Is powerful enough
The discussions for this program have been wonderful. I love hearing everyone’s thoughts and ideas. This is the most positive part of this program, and it is encouraging to see families bonding and sharing in the library and literature experience. The one challenge that we may be facing is attendance. At our last session, two of the families were missing, but, since we do keep tabs with one another on edmodo, I’m hoping that this was just a fluke. Our next session is tonight, and I’ll see how attendance holds up.
I have been blogging for over seven months now. I know I have not been the most reliable blogger but I have enjoyed every minute of it. I find my blog is a place where I can share my passions and hobbies with the world with the benefits of it acting as a great journal.
"What children need is not new and better curricula but access to more and more of the real world; plenty of time and space to think over their experiences and to use fantasy and play to make meaning out of them, and advice, road maps, guidebooks to make it easier for them to get where they want to go (not where we think they ought to go) and to find out what they want to find out."
I want NERVE to offer readers a page-turning story, but I’d be thrilled if it also generated conversation about privacy. The main character in my book is seduced into a game of dares, which takes advantage of information she’s given away freely online. Loss of privacy may be the currency we pay for a greater sense of community, but the Internet has greatly magnified that equation. I’d love it if my book gets folks talking about where they’d draw the line.
I wish people would just leave her alone, like the guy/girl said. I wish people wouldn't be so arrogant that they thought that they could judge someone elses behavior based on their own reality. Mostly, I wish that society would 'get a clue'. For Britney's story symbolizes a lot of the sins of mankind, that we judge, we are self-righteous, that we can turn on someone at the first sign of weakness and that charity is only extended to those who are similar to us.
-"In 1975, novels had long stays on the bestseller list; in 2000, more novels made the list but generally enjoyed far shorter stays, with a few exceptions."
In a discussion with his disciples, Jesus told them that his Father’s house had many mansions. When Thomas expressed his doubts Jesus replied, “No one comes to the Father except through me”. Building upon his original metaphoric description of the path to spiritual salvation Jesus deepens it, his meaning clear. His life, his state of perception, outlook and actions were to be the template for others to follow. He led by example. But the common misperception of those verses to be literal in nature sadly obscure this deeper, gnostic truth. More argumentation.
Expanded.
Reese tries to find out Leila’s whereabouts, but when even his thoroughly bad-ass takedown of an entire bar doesn’t provide any results, he’s forced to go down a dark alley – Elias. As a crime icon, Elias has his ear close to the ground of the city’s underworld. Plus he has a strange respect for Reese. True to his word, he finds out that the Eastern Europeans are heading to a car yard to hand Leila off to some Mexican thugs who will then smuggle her out of the country.
Today was a much better day than yesterday. Last night I sat on the phone with my mom, crying and telling her that I wished I didn't exist anymore. I have felt overwhelmed for months now, really, and I am tired of it.
Instead
Percussion, Clarinet - Thomas Cremer
I have friends who insist that anything beyond personal scripture study is an exercise in selfishness, and I used to feel so guilty that I desperately wanted more time to myself outside of that thirty minutes of reading scriptures each day. With my recent realizations, I have to admit that they are lying to themselves. Each of those friends who exhorts the "scripture study only" method of re-charging themselves--each one of them is obese. I recognize that it's rather harsh of me to point that out, but they've made me feel guilty for years about the healthy desire for personal re-kindling outside of scripture study while they cart around the obvious unhealthy results of their narrow-minded opinion. Why do I allow myself to mold my life to cater to the ridiculous opinions of other people?
However, comparing the price I paid for rentals versus the price of new showshoes on the internet, if my kids used them TWICE it would have been more cost effective to have just bought them. Plus, the rentals at the Nordic center don't come with poles. They don't have any collapsible or kid-sized poles. Most of the snowshoes for sale online come with poles. Given the snow that dumped around our house this week and the 3 snow days the boys had off of school, I'm sure they would have used them just to walk around outside the house this week.
God bless you, and God bless the United States of America.
The rest of the night was spent in a daze ; the first kiss,the tender caresses on my hair,the weight and smell of Kavya’s body on mine,the way our fingers had interlocked perfectly and the instant our souls and bodies became one in pleasure and pain were all foggy details,until the moment he chose to break the comfortable,magical silence,through which i was drinking his essence and being.
I dry brushed over the top of the pull so the details could show up more. I upholstered a little bench to go with it and brought it to the store!
Amit Bansal answers, Just testing the depth of your knowledge. Please remember you need not know everything but you must know everything you have mentioned on your resume and required as per the job profile. Interviewers just push boundaries sometimes.
After she posed with her mother Amrita Singh on the cover page of ‘Hello’ magazine, Saif Ali Khan’s 16 yr old daughter, Sara, seems to have caught the eye of several producers in Bollywood. Apparently, five filmmakers approached Sara to debut in their film, but Sara refused them.
With a bit of help from me, first graders worked together to create these simple, but fun poems.
If any other director asked an actor to put down a teacup, it would be only that. But with Hitch it was done for a reason. If an actor was strumming his fingers it wasn't just an idle strumming, it had a beat, a musical pattern to it--it was like a sound refrain.
Kansas City Star - ‎18 minutes ago‎
Airline Executive
We couldn't help but laugh.
For a long time I yearned to love it
Papa doesn't 'get' it, but I told him, hey, would you rather I use what we have or go buy it!?!
I don't want to do the same things as Emily did, although I found some of her poems in a file and she kept diaries of what she did and thought. So, through these I found some of the blogs that she followed and I am trying to find these people.
Those of us who write on what is considered the “fringe” of Christian fiction are well-acquainted with the debate that has been raging for the past several years over the genre called speculative fiction. Speculative, for those who aren’t familiar with the term, is the description under which all science fiction and fantasy–and I suppose horror, to a certain degree–is lumped. Basically, if it couldn’t really happen in the present or the past, it’s speculative. If it takes place in the future, it’s speculative. Magic? Advanced technology? Other worlds? Speculative. I think you get the idea.
Total weight gain/loss: I have no access to a scale at the moment and no desire to step on one.
Meantime seem to have a few of their bottles fon the shelves of M&S (and Sainsburys) currently, the two mentioned above, the London Porter, and now also a limited addition Barrel Aged Greenwich Hospital Porter. It comes in a cardboard tube, corked again, 750mls and 6%.
Using firm tape (I went with a combo of painters and duct), bind the sticks together to create a shape resembling antlers. This is the part I need to improve on, since Mr. Sugarplum said mine looked like arthritic hands of the Corpse Bride. Whatever. He just lost his antler back scratch!
Questions and comments are always welcome. Please get in touch with me at doron@themortgagemachine.ca.
"While the efforts taken by the department to strengthen patent offices in recent past is praiseworthy, the initiative to outsource prior art search is not proving fruitful, for want of statutory mandate and more particularly due to lack of any search analysis on novelty and inventive step by URDIP, CSIR as the searchers are sending only the cited document number which is of no practical use to examiners. Further the report send by CSIR are not in user friendly format requiring double time consumption by examiners. The Patent Act provides for search and examination to be conducted by the same examiner – a practice which even EPO has recently adopted under their BEST (Bringing Examination and Search Together) practices. As stated above, the search reports received from CSIR hardly serves the required purpose as the concerned examiner has to conduct fresh search for assessment of novelty and inventive step to satisfy himself as mandated under statute. Therefore no outsourcing can be probably thought of without bringing suitable changes in the statutory provisions. Alternatively outsourcing agencies for digitization, searches should be brought under CGPDTM on the pattern of JPO as internal agencies working for CGPDTM."
Well...it's still raining here but I am not really complaining, I have found a secret area between my weeping cherry and the patio where primroses grow. They are growing there without so much as a 'by your leave' and I am digging them up and replanting them in the borders...then it rains and I find more baby ones, then I dig them up, replant and then more grow!!! it's amazing and I love it! Anyway must dash...we're off to Lisa's to play with the kids. Just one more thing....can anyone let me know please, if I still have that awful verification robot thing on the comments-I dislike it so much on other blogs now I am worried I still have it on mine. Here's wishing you a great weekend.
"I invested almost two thousand dollars into this book and I have to find a way to recoup my losses..."
The real thing, the thing this is about, is this: none of this age stuff matters. I hate it when people use age to divide themselves into Us vs. Them. I hate it when people use age or race or sex or gender identity or nationality or religion or whatever it is--when I see people who will hang out only with people like them. You've met them: women in middle age who don't have any friends under 30. Lesbians who won't socialize with breeders. Black women who would feel like racial traitors if they visited the home of someone white. It happens--you know it does. And it's narrow-minded and creepy as all get-out.
Design an item that could be used for our Female Merchandise Project. This could be everything that a female could wear or use. (If you are not sure if your idea would be accepted, ask us in an e-mail)
(10/10) ZAK PADMORE
Las Cruces, or Crosses, is a popular competition of crosses in which, every year, each barrio dedicates time and money in order to create these beautifully artistic floral crosses. Each cross is a representation of the pride and spirit in the barrio and are typically surrounded by potted plants and flowers in colours that complement the unique attributes of each zone. The crosses bring the community out in force in order to honour the work that has gone into making these elaborate and colourful crosses while also delighting in the possibility that their cross could earn them the much sought after title of Best Cross! As well as this sacred title, there are several monetary prizes up for grabs in this competition, these prizes range from €665 to €1165, making this competition a very profitable one for each winning community!
We don't know the circumstances of the remodeling of the building. Perhaps it was rebuilt after a fire around the turn of the 20th century. Perhaps it all had something to do with the reason the house became haunted in the first place. We don't know.
Most of never think about why we do things. It’s actually the central issue raised in my last book, Milligan and Murphy, the core of the book being how the protagonists coming to terms with the fact that there are no reasons for unreasonable things.
3) Speaking of eating. Today I had a doctor's appointment right smack in the middle of the afternoon and my stomach was growling so I went to the deli downstairs. They had rows and rows of pastries but I was a good girl and got a grilled chicken sandwich with no mayo and fresh avocado added. I also got a small bag of Stacy's Pita chips and a banana! Best part? I only ate half the sandwich, since it was huge. Go me! I was going to take a picture of my lunch but the place was crowded and I already felt lame eating by myself :-/
It was a thin nylon... filled with plastic beads... $26.99
While lying in bed that night, William and Jane mourn about their future and their past.
"I chose to be scrambled, but then I poached their spaceship and left them with egg on their faces.
Top Row: Fairy bread Ducklings (representing the baby animal nursery); Strawberry Shortcake Showbag containing strawberries; Macaron shell with a ferris wheel drawn on with Gourmet Writers (representing Sideshow Alley).
Quantum jumping where diagonals interspace
Necklace: Shroomee Necklace- HollyWeird – (Kawaii Fair)
Hey Ever-buddi.
The Solar Electric Light Fund (SELF), a Washington, D.C. based non-profit, develops solar energy solutions that bring modern connectivity to the most remote parts of the world — in an environmentally sound way.
In the following video, Patricia King discusses Isaiah 40:31. As she’s explaining what this verse means, she shares a tale about an angel named ”Swift” who visited her years ago. This angel didn’t appear as normal angels would, this angel supposedly presented itself in the form of a brown and gold eagle…
Potato and salmon salad with asparagus and creamy herb dressing.
Some chocolate bars are labeled fair trade or organic. Many (notably Hershey, M&M/Mars and Nestle products) are not. There was an effort to help consumers know their chocolate was slave labor free through the Harkin-Engel Protocol. This bill was passed in the House, but stopped from passage in the Senate through lobbying efforts and an agreement by the industry to voluntarily adopt some of the provisions. The original deadline was 2005 and when changes had not been made at that point, it was extended to 2008. Obviously, we have no more assurance today than we did before the protocol how the cocoa in most of our chocolate was harvested. While some (mostly smaller) companies make the effort to trace their supply chain and be sure sure their cocoa is slave labor free, others receive their cocoa from multiples sources, so each batch is likely a mix of slave labor cocoa from the Ivory Coast and cocoa from other parts of the world that is produced more fairly. Cadbury (now owned by Kraft) only uses fair trade cocoa from Ghana, but that Cadbury only distributes products in the UK, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. Since 1988, Cadbury products made in the United States have been made by Hershey. Unless the Raise the Bar campaign is successful, it would seem my beloved Cadbury Mini Eggs are off the table and I'll have to stick to imported Cadbury bars.
“What are you up to?” she asked when I opened the door.
(Below is a fine art print by Sue Deutscher)
To state my case, my great grandfather, James Burnie, owned and operated the Morning Glory Inn from c.1863 to c.1870. In fact, my grandfather, Alfred Burnie, was born at the Inn in 1869. William Sager acquired it after this, and only operated it until is burned c.1872-73. From childhood discussions with my grandfather, prior to his death in 1949, I was aware of the “murders” well before the discovery of the bones in 1971.[3] Moreover, his version of the couple’s disappearance was very different from the one related here. However, that is perhaps understandable since both versions are based on hearsay.
'It’s just me!'
I’ve read from Philippine Star’s editorial about the House Bill 5901 known as the Anti-Spitting Act whose proponent is Rep. Eulogio Magsaysay of the AVE Partylist. From the first thought, it’s a really sensible law if we think of it. How many of us experienced walking along streets and suddenly one man standing on the sidewalk will spit regardless if you’re passing by? How many of us have seen drivers spitting while driving? In short, we’ve already had experiences of how some incognizant and reckless people paint our town with tuberculosis, common colds, influenza and hepatitis.
This is the cologne I picked up for Rob on Saturday! Incense Kyoto by Comme des Garcons is a wonderful musky scent with tones of cedar, soap, cypress, teak, nutmeg, coffee and amber. Smoky and light, perfect for a guy who doesn't do cologne often.
Basicly:
The classes’ core content boils down to four core areas (as I see it):
But the craziness will have to let me go for a week in June because.....
- I am OBSESSED with paranormal TV shows. I watch them everyday. Want to know a secret? I don't believe in ghosts. Yet, I can't stop the paranormal. Also I hate scary movies. I just don't understand myself sometimes.
Dirty George was named for an exceedingly dirty man who first settled on its banks. Mrs. James Stell hoping, perhaps to encourage him to develop cleaner habits once gave him several bars of soap. He promptly returned them to her saying” You’d better keep this ma’am, I ain’t got any use for them.”
Recommended for ages 14+
Thank you for making many, many moments of each day that much sweeter. You make me stop and indulge when I need it most. We all need that.
In your swipe at us, you essentially said that while we were busy hating you at home, world leaders were busy extolling you abroad. “President Obama commended me,” you said, like a teenager asked out on a date by a cheerleader. Eeyaah! Maybe I should tell you that President Obama commended me too? And I never met him. I have a letter written and signed by Obama to prove it. In the letter, Obama called me his friend. He even sends me emails every Friday. So what is the big deal? I noticed that Obama’s commendation wasn’t all that when I discovered that it doesn’t mean a thing to my children. And frankly, I am more interested in what my children think about me than what Obama thinks about me. Also, I saw the picture of you taking instructions from Hilary Clinton. Her pose was not that of someone commending. It was more of someone commanding. And your pose wasn’t that of a lion or a Pharaoh or an army general. Yours was that of a school boy taking instructions from the headmistress. You said that you can change Nigeria without being a Nebuchadnezzar. Well, so you know, we don’t care what you are or what you want to become. All that we care about is to see the changes. No need talking. Just show us the change!
She is starting to get ready for BlogPaws in June, too. She took photos of Disco and Coco (Brighton wasn’t cooperating) to make ‘Flats’ from, and she is starting to make a list of our friends who are going to go to BlogPaws, too.
He is shy, though. I've taken many pictures of him, but he is so fast that this was the only one I could actually save. The others came out blurred, as he fled when he saw me. Little shit!
ps: bank cards work just as well too, but they also have their own story...
are surrounded by a geometrical area
Cleaning the house (productive week in studio = messing house!)
Sweaty
Tof-
Please don’t think I’m against competition. One team against another creates great competition. It encourages you to do your best work. But competition inside the team can only lead to destruction. You don’t know who to trust or what to believe. I spoke up against that, not competition on the whole.
Hands up, I confess. I’m an idiot. I bought a mascara because the bright shouty packaging caught my eye and I was in a rush without bothering to have a look at the wand. Had I spotted the wand prior to purchasing this I wouldn’t have bothered because I know that my little piggy eyes don’t play nicely with big wands.
- Arsene Wenger
I'm out of words. Just buy this stuff. And make these cookies.
One of the things authors struggle with is how to get their books into the hands of readers who want to read them. There are so many books out there right now to choose from–especially with the boom in the Indie market. Does online advertising work? Do blog tours work? Do giveaways work? We’re constantly asking ourselves this question because all of these things—as fun as they can be—take away from what writers love and want to do, which is write that next book. For me the hardest part of being a published author is balancing the promotion side of writing with the actual writing. It’s so easy to use up a whole day (like today!) doing promo for my most recent book when what I need to be doing is writing the next book in the series.
Ridiculous mercy opens the door for Miraculous elevation.
Think my favorite part of this pack is the open mesh pocket. Perfect for stuffing my ground cover and my bottle of sunscreen for easy access and roomy enough to add a hoodie for when it cools off at night.
And…
As a young girl, I felt like an outcast in my father's life. He had numerous women, and I felt like I always took a far distant third...job first...new fling second...me...oh yeah, the girlfriend comes to get me for the weekend. He rarely called me to check in. He barely saw me but two times out of the year--holidays, summer. By the time my father married and had two more children, I was 11, and I knew then it would be up to me to carry the relationship, so I did. I called him with exciting news. I made the investment in us. I wanted to believe I had a dad, so I told myself if I proved my worth to him, he would want me, he would love me. When I started college, near where he lived, the time we had to get together increased. I even lived with him one summer in between the school year. We really got to know each other, I got to know his new children and his wife. I felt comfortable with our relationship, I loved my dad. I felt like he loved
someone who loves to talk to me for hours
2010.08.31 Pakistan Kurram 7 1 At least one woman and two children are among seven murdered in two home invasions by Religion of Peace radicals.
Again, I say Rejoice!
Wishing Sheila all the best — she deserves it.
Hi, it's Amy here again with a scrapbook page using the fantastic foils. For this months designer's challenge I wanted to create a vintage page with photos of some of the men in my family tree. I chose the Dark Blue, Turquoise and Green foils as they fitted with the mens theme and used them to cover die cut frames for my photos (see tutorial below).
Carrying all gates
Masaru Emoto
This being our first year in England, not sure how much of this is normal and how much is just luck (good or bad) that it didn’t rain much for January and February but started raining in late March and hasn’t stopped really. I’m hoping that there isn’t a drought and that we will not get an official notice not to use our hosepipe but should that happen, I have my water butts before I start hauling water out of the house. I’m good to go.
Your grandson "reupped" for another tour in the Marines and is being sent to Japan for three years next month. They packed up their house and are waiting for those orders to come through so they may visit Sacramento one last time before the new tour.
Not only did we have pulled pork sandwiches and homemade barbecue sauce, but my husband made a pot of collard greens and I made a pan of macaroni and cheese. It was glorious. Top it off with a glass of sweet tea and it was like home again.
Each of the over 850 quotes is cited to the original work so readers can go back and read more if a certain quote peaks their interest.
Weekly Starting Weight: 277.8
See, when politicians leave this earth, their bodies lie in state, while thousands note their passing, and proclaim that they were great.
Ryan sent some 88' Topps and Oriole team set needs, the highlight being a UD Masterpiece Erik Bedard jersey card. I have never opened any UD Masterpieces, but I must say these relic cards are really nice with the dark bordered frame.
What inspired you to write Between Two Seas?
Hermann Goering, attributed by Gustave Gilbert
An article in the rightwing Israeli Jerusalem Post agrees. “Support for settlement is not simply a program of right-of-center Likud. Its history has firm roots in Labor party activity during the periods of its governments, and activities by predecessors of the Labor party going back before the creation of the Israeli state” (April 27).
8. Santo & Johnny - Bull's Eye
P: Painting – something which I never could do in art
TUNE IN BETWEEN 5pm and 6.30pm to THE MIXED BAG on 93.9 DUBLIN SOUTH FM
But yesterday along came a great big BUT. Like a freight train careering its way right through my brain. What would happen if I explored the grey area, let go a little of the A and B, let go of the idea that there has to be a positive to match the negative, a right and wrong. Maybe I should just let there be an ‘is’.
Sometimes, I don’t like cleaning
In any case, my sneakers and all my gear is packed up, I’m eating protein and carbs this morning, and only a few hours stand between me and the race site.
With the left over dough I cut out the star cookies.
The species Camellia sinensis has two varietals namely var. sinensis and var. assamica. When the tea plant was first discovered, they found it in southwest China and the word, “sinensis” means “from China” in Latin. Later, they realized there was another variety from the Assam region of India. The true centre of origin for tea is often identified as the intersection of northeast India, southwest China, and northern Burma. Most tea plants are pruned to the height of a human for easy harvesting but if left as it is, they could grow to be very tall. The sinensis variety has smaller leaves and can grow up to 3 metres (10 feet) tall while the assamica variety can grow up to 20 metres (64 feet) tall.
The leadership of the sport is supposed to be leading the our coaches and athletes towards a common goal. The only goal that I’ve seen stated from the Office Of USATF CEO Doug Logan since he took over the helm in 2008 was that he wants to see us win 30 medals in London (2012). Yet towards that goal we’ve dropped our relay program (and the baton in 4 out of 4 major races); we’ve gotten rid of coaching education programs; and now we’re attempting to created a quasi coaches registry whose intent is not the safety of our youth but the identification of coaches that apparently may embarrass our head office. We’ve had more comments about how appalled our CEO is that Trevor Graham ever coached for the US and how disgusted he is with Lashawn Merritt, than we have about how we are going to get the baton around the track in majors, how we are going educate our coaches, how we can help our athletes avoid the use of PED’s, how we can help collegiate athletes transition from college to the pros, or when where and how we will be able to host a World Championships!
1. Donations. For college students in particular, Aashika points out that since we have the highest disposable income, donations is one way for students to become more involved. She suggests furthermore to direct these proceeds towards demand-reduction programs, which focus on combating human trafficking by curbing the demand for exploited victims. She adds, however, that it is not so easy to donate to good organizations, and therefore “would be the last way we expect people to get involved.” Above all else, Aashika asserts that money is not the biggest issue preventing anti-trafficking movements from harnessing the appropriate power. Rather, it is the fact that we don’t have the culture to combat these issues.
But before I head up the wooden hill to Bedfordshire...I have to share the little road test of the Distress Markers I managed to sneak into the crafty schedule yesterday...oh yes manic day or not...everything else on my workdesk was swept aside and oh boy it's definitely LOVE...mind you was there ever any doubt it would be...
On a similar note, I have found some awesome websites that might just help me with the publishing of my other book. Since thing didn't work out with the NAESP contest I really need to get serious on finding another outlet.
34% of preteens and 25% of teens who’d been cyberbullied received the menacing messages while at a friend's house.
I have a new blog and this one is getting put in storage! ;)
The One Million Moms are an offshoot of a group called, “The American Family Association”. The American Family Association was originally called, “The National Federation for Decency” – I can only assume the National Federation for Decency was a sister organization to the Justice League originally run by the defiant team of Superman and Aquaman. I can only assume this because the name of the group and its many incarnations can only be seen as fantastical. Their names seem fairy-tale-like and, as such, I tend to see them as cartoons created by some conservative’s deranged imagination.
It makes me wish that I had kept up doing something like swimming or antenatal exercise classes (such as pregnancy yoga) so I didn’t have to fight so hard now. But finding the energy and the time is rather difficult. Especially if you had every pregnancy symptom under the sun like I did. Being sick, having horrendous heartburn and falling asleep constantly doesn’t really leave you in the best mood to go for a workout.
Transcribing a pension file is almost like watching a life in fast forward. Unlike the near-perfect view of an ancestor one sees in a series of photographs, a pension file compresses years into the nitty gritty unpleasantness of illness. A few dozen pages of records span a dozen or more years. An ancestor goes from a single health problem to decreased health, multiple problems, senility, and death in the time it takes to read the records. The years go by quickly and the effects of the passage of time surprise the reader.
Doll Restoration(Paigie Pumpgry)
7) I have a lot of problems with my knees and ankles as a result of being hit by a car some years ago(which put an end to my aspirations to be a ballet dancer).
The Germans seem to be the only people on earth who fully understand this and recognize that money demand could collapse if markets realize and begin to internalize the difference.
This aggressive behavior culminated a few years later in our returning home from the movies to find Scooter huddled in the corner and nursing a wounded eye. Spooky had literally tried to put her eye out and in the process left one of his claws embedded in her forehead so deeply it had to be removed with forceps.
Do you have a skirted sofa that needs some help?
Understand, please, that I am not complaining, it is just that things are happening so fast. I love it, but still they are happening faster than I expected.
Aren’t I a lucky girl?!
Mix 2 teaspoons of almond meal with just enough liquid to form a paste. Spread onto moistened face and throat and gently massage for 1 minute. Rinse with warm water and follow with Almond oil. I love Aura Glow. It has a wonderful sent and I use it as a base oil.
And so reclaim her trusting soul.
lined it with some moss that was actually growing in my garden, but I've since used moss that you can
October 7, 2010
* What made you think ‘I want to write for kids?’ Is it a genre you enjoy reading?
They were so easy to make. I found this great tutorial on the Kraft Outlet blog that showed how you can make 4 Christmas cards with very few supplies and they still look great! I used their tutorial but as I didn't need any Christmas cards, I just used some nice Kaisercraft papers that I had to make these cards instead.
NO EXCUSES :o)
There are things we don’t always understand. I don’t know if I will ever understand. But sitting in her room those few days before her service, thumbing through her journal of poems, they began to read as a story. And I got the feeling that she knew. Knew that her time was coming to an end. But could she have known? Was that possible? Or had I read them all wrong?
And do not for a second think that directors aren’t putting excruciating thought and time and detail into designing and staging those scenes. There’s not a director out there who is not in the back of his (or her, but statistically mostly his) mind hoping to make cinematic history (or at least the Top 100 AFI Scenes of All Time list in whatever genre) with those scenes. These are scenes that often cost so much money that producers will not under any circumstances allow them to be cut, even if in editing they are clearly non-essential to the plot.
So hurry, while you still have a chance to complete your collection. This opportunity may never be repeated.*
Sometimes you watch a movie and you discover something that feels special to you: a cute actor, a funny line, a touching line, an image, a song. I have discovered some great music from watching movies. I like to think that being the soundtrack supervisor for a film would be one of the coolest jobs. I remember a few years back I watched the french film “Comme Une Image” (“Look At Me”.) It was a touching Agnès Jaoui film, sometimes brutal, sometimes funny, sometimes beautiful. It was about this chubby girl who has self confidence issues, but has the gift of a magnificent voice.
And he made from one man every nation of mankind to live on all the face of the earth, having determined allotted periods and the boundaries of their dwelling place, that they should seek God, and perhaps feel their way toward him and find him. Yet he is actually not far from each one of us, for “‘In him we live and move and have our being’”
So...on to Disney Paris (a real bargain as bookings must have been down). We tend to do things on a whim...when we can...and when we feel like it. A couple of weeks before Christmas, we thought how lovely it would be for Caitlin to be in her favourite place at such a magical time of year.....so we went.....on the day that Eurostar got stuck in the tunnel.....Oh yes....we wondered if would ever get there....the motorways were shut, cars and lorries were parked up everywhere as we neared Kent, but we were going via the Tunnel and had luckily booked a slot. So, the next morning after our wonderful Premier Inn breakfast, and only 2 hours later than planned, we were on our way...
Respond to this person, this challenge, this deed.
The newt play the flute
3. Washington is a petulant child who throws tantrums and engages in name-calling, and like a child whose bad behavior has been tolerated for too long, it will take a great deal of discipline to get the child back in line.
- Discovering a new artist and listening to them for the first time
If you've ever thought of sewing a quilt this is a great one to get started with. It's made from squares and half-square triangles which are quite easy to put together. Plus I've also got plenty of helpful links to guide you through the whole process.
The most common complaint I have heard from Nigerians about their country concerns corruption. Many Nigerians, as well as many outside observers, believe that corruption (ranging from bribes demanded by policeman to treasuries looted by politicians) is a key driver – the key driver, some say – of the country’s other problems.
The male role model is also changing, but not to the same degree as the female, for every Ashley Cole or Pete Doherty, our celebrity culture still embraces a few remaining chiselled jawed men who would not took out of place in the company of Cary Grant and David Niven. But where are the Ann Todds, the Margaret Lockwoods the Joan Greenwoods or indeed the Deborah Kerrs? How often does one see a female celebrity under 50 who could be fairly called a lady?. There may be some but there are not many left and they do not appear in the magazines our children read or the TV shows they watch.
In my next post, I'll introduce you to our newest family member!
Madonna Borderline US
After a night of soaking, I spread the fabric and artistically arranged the beautiful red veined leaves, added the stems and finally made a bundle (yes, I know, the bundle has to be more tightly tied).
"If you don't have anything going on this afternoon we could go sit by the pool back at the hotel or hang out in my room," I suggested.
FYI it does not look like your ppv carrier is not showing this (which would have been dumb) so its all Youtube exclusive.
Truly love them.
Weird Deaths
This is one sticky point that many people bring up - what if these designs or this entire project was somehow used to create gross stuff that I don't support, like child pornography or hate propaganda for example.
J E T S ~ Jokes End This Season?
Not sure how this came to be, but it is certainly a new figure right out the packaging, and that type of packaging is not something you can open then close again without it being extremely noticeable.
I wore my new top to work today to brighten the grey day. It's so comfy, fits in all the right places and hides the right bits too. This won't be the last of these tunics I'll be making.
Greedy for money
John DeWolfe isn't the first person you would think of when you hear the word 'ringer'. I mean, for most of his professional life he was a respected literature and poetry critic--not exactly a Fox Mulder, you understand? But in order to make ends meet, DeWolfe has in recent times taken up a new profession: writer of lurid tabloid paperback books about such subjects as UFO's, satanic cults, and unexplained phenomenon. So while he's no Fox Mulder, he is a poor man's Kolchak (who was Mulder's spiritual godfather anyway), and the Dynamic Duo team up to solve this Merry Mystery.
Crafted by the elder wizard Gobodkin, this small copper ring is decoratively engraved with a garland of daisies. The ring is endowed with a mild dweomer which makes the wearer smell fresh and clean at all times, regardless of how filthy the wearer's clothing or personal hygiene. The ring will magically expand or contract to fit and can only be removed by writing the word "eateses" in dwarvish with the hand wearing the ring.
and don't worry if you didn't have time to join in with this months challenge - please still vote as it is very much appreciated.
- he sleeps in a crib in our room... and he probably will until he goes to a big boy bed.. that's just how it is at the greer house ;)
As a result of the cuts and the government’s failure to communicate or deliver its big society aspirations, much of the goodwill civil society groups initially felt towards the project has now evaporated, says the report, published by the thinktank Civil Exchange.
Do you watch House of Lies? Do you enjoy watching anti-heroes?
One set of answers may regard a more stringent review of the project’s financials. While the agency has twice released brief memos summarizing the project’s fiscal impact, Hulka revealed that an outside consultant, the firm KPMG, conducted an independent financial analysis of the project.
San Angelo – Texas
As Jenro was looking, the doorbell rang. He went downstairs to see who it was.
Be politically correct, but otherwise wrong-
Pattern Paper - Imagine Blossom
Also wanted to mention that since I still owe the printer $435.00 I am having a special for the new printed cook book. It has a bright green cover and everything is printed on both sides and will be selling them for $22.00 and free shipping until I get the print shop paid off. I have some with the black binder and some are white so you can choose until I run out of the black. You can click on the link on my right side bar to order your copy and I will be checking my emails every chance I get and will get back to you A S A P with address to mail a ck. And YES..I will still be donating to the shelter with a portion of the proceeds.
Details: Write the dialog IN FULL. To prevent people from copying or spoiling, follow these instructions:
One subject of the interview was the early overselling of psychoanalysis. Dr. Kandel put it this way...
She and her husband had recently sold their home in town so they could move out to a place in the country on two acres. The buyer wanted a short escrow, so they had been working like maniacs getting the water, electric and septic connections hooked up, all the while packing their stuff for the move.
74. The surface area of the lungs is roughly the same size as a tennis court.
Jacket: Imperial
I let the soothing sound of rain and scent drift me away
After letting the onions cool slightly, I combined them with a mixture of eggs and half-and-half, and then poured them into my baked tart shell. The final step was topping the whole thing with the crispy bacon (what was left of the bacon, that is).
It is pretty obvious that everything we have tried along these lines is failing: the education system is a disaster, and providing social services makes us feel better but has little practical effect.
Linda Jordan takes the stand.
Mr Dimattina has found he can manage running his cafe because he can work in a logical way and the tasks are repetitive. He urges young people who feel defeated by their learning disability not to give up, but instead to find good role models. "It's OK to be you, and there is a future for you out there," he says.
DR MAROON: We’ve just got time before the awards, to give you a glimpse of the glitterati enjoying their banquet here tonight, and I believe it’s chicken or scampi? Yes scampi, in a basket. As the camera pans round these illustrious, er people, we can see Monstee, that’s the wee blue hairy one wearing the basket, and the robot there, that’s SafeT, oh look he has done something to his, I’m not quite sure, oh there’s Mr Gorilla Bananas, the talking, em anthropologist, there’s Sexy beauty, hello boys!…. Oh, I’m getting a signal in my ear…it’s time for the show to begin!
If you haven’t read Speak, you need to. It’s one of the guttiest, raw portrayals of teenage angst and pain. It’s thought provoking, it’s wrenching and it’s incredibly well written. It’s the kind of book I want my kids to read. I want my kids to be moved by books and I want books that make them think about this life of which they are a part.
Add chicken and pasta to pot; season with salt and pepper. Stir in white wine. Pour into baking dish and sprinkle with leftover Parmesan. Bake, uncovered, until top is golden and bubbling, about 25 minutes. Let stand 5 minutes before serving.
meeting a friend's brand new baby boy tomorrow. though, i know it will make me greatly miss that brand new stage with isaac almost a year ago, it will be such a joy.
5. Find your international colleagues whose English is really good and hang out with them. Make some friends who are native speakers and speak English with them. Read your company material in English. Join a team working with internatioinal clients if you can. Join an international association of people in your field or your industry – talk with the the native speakers there.
Isn't it fascinating that I needed to remind myself who I was making the album for? There was no external pressure about this. I sure seem to fight a lot of internal pressure. Where does it come from? And why so strongly?
The color of the ice cream came out beautiful. And although I enjoyed the flecks of fresh blueberries in it, next time I think I'll try cooking the blueberries down first, to see if I can make a more concentrated blueberry flavor.
Conservative Cé, the Aberdeenshire provinces of Mar and Buchan, seem to have held out the longest: with only the merest scattering of cross slabs within a huge proliferation of (class I pre-Christian) symbol stones.
When I was a younger man I was, quite frankly, brilliant. I had in my possession the means to live a model life: my children would be perfect, my career would be one stellar success after another, my relationship with my spouse would mimic the holiness of Francis and Claire, and my faith was a rock of certainty and strength. As I cast a critical eye at my elders I could easily point out the errors that led to their present suffering and difficulties… the health decisions that precipitated obesity, hypertension, cancers and heart ailments; the laxity in their parenting skills that opened the door to alcoholism, drugs, pregnancy and conflict; the self-centered behaviors that bred marital strife and divorce; the lack of perseverance and faith that left room for despair and godless behaviors.
His voice in me, the river’s turn that finds the
When I saw this at the Arboretum on the 12th of June, it reminded me of my crafts. Of how I draw and create a picture.
I told him, "It's all for you, baby. It's all for you."
In this AJR piece, John Morton's got some very good points. You can look at about any daily paper in the nation and it is a shadow of its 2003 self. Still a lot of quality work being done, but trimming of staffs was necessary considering the drop in revenues. We all, big and small papers alike, were giving it away for free.
Although Russell knew he should report this email to the FBI, and to Stock Photo Woman, he didn’t. The reasons for this are complex. He had a strange feeling about this whole episode with Stock Photo Woman. A feeling he couldn’t put his finger on. It was as if something else were going on just below the surface. Now that he could see well, he noticed more. Stock Photo Woman had one foot in another place, and it wasn’t the advertising world. Where? It nagged at him in a weird way, like a ghost that would slip into his peripheral vision then dance away. Then this email. It addressed his concerns in a precise manner. Well, actually, it was not precise at all, it only seemed so. Nevertheless it struck a deep chord within Russell. He had a feeling which terrified him. He sensed her father had the answers, the real answers, and all else had been smoke and mirrors. He had to meet the man in spite of the danger.
I'm so glad y'all enjoyed the last batch of goodies from my email. I'm still pretty buried with assorted nonsense and have been trying to keep up with y'all while keeping up with the dramas of Kay's World. The latter has been an adventure. I'm trying mightily to keep up with that, too, and have been in Cranky Old Broad mode -- on steroids! And thanks for your support in my struggle to maintain a semblance of passes for sanity in my world!!
Just check out what the Honorable Louis McFadden, Chairman of the House Banking and Currency Committee had to say all the way back in the 1930s….
1420 **D-III/26/2002 (Appendix). “A Socratic Cross-Examination: B.F. Skinner, With the Help of George Anastaplo, on the Limitations of Behaviorism (1969).” See Item D-IX/17/1969, above. (Incorporated in Item C-2003(2), above, pp. 796-98.) See Item B-2, pp. 282-83 (1975).
Another of the main attractions, is ‘El Caracol’ (conch shell, or snail). This is a giant observatory dome where many rituals and celebrations were performed. The dome has numerous windows, and stars can be seen through different windows on specific days of the year. This structure is quite a wonder of both astronomy and engineering, because as you can imagine, creating a stone dome with windows at such accurately precise points, must have taken an enormous amount of time and skill.
Mardi Gras Massacre (C, 1978) Somebody actually found the plot of Blood Feast compelling enough to steal it. A lunatic making sacrifices to some ancient Aztec deity seems out the most evil women he can find to tie down and slice up. First he stabs their hand, then slices their foot, then cuts open the stomach, reaches in, and pulls out a heart about the size of a canned ham. And I hope you like the effect because the footage is repeated every time he kills a girl; I guess the budget only allowed for one latex torso and one cow-heart. The rest of the movie is padded with lots of dancing strippers, many of whom look artificially padded themselves. A couple of really stupid cops try to half-ass their way into catching the killer while stealing money and sleeping with the hookers. You get a lot of padded-in mardi gras footage because these cops approach to their case seems to be to just keep wandering around New Orleans and hope the killer just falls into their laps. The filmmakers seem to have chose locations based on if there was a sign advertising the sale of corn. Either that, or N'awlins is one corn-happy town, because that stuff's everywhere. The killer starts wearing the metal Aztec mask he uses in the rituals on the street because, why not? Looks like they may have planned a sequel, too. Weak and pointless, despite the extreme gore.
2. Brush pork with oil and season on both sides with fennel mixture.
Son: "Yeah. That's her."
The Office of Ash Wednesday begins with Mattins. The invitatory is Deum magnum Dominum, Venite adoremus and the Office hymn is Rerum Creator optime both from the ferial Office per annum. The antiphons Speciosus forma etc are sung with the nine psalms/psalm divisi of a single nocturn from the ferial Office for Wednesdays. The second scheme of Mattins for Wednesday is used, wherein Psalm 49 is split into three divisi rather than the usual two. The lessons in the nocturn are from a homily of St. Augustine reflecting on the LORD's Sermon on the Mount from St. Matthew's Gospel. The responsories are taken from the third nocturn of Quinquagesima Sunday. At Lauds the second scheme of psalmody is used (Pss. 50, 64, 100, Canticle of Anna & 145. The antiphon on the Benedictus and collect are proper to the day. After the antiphon on the Benedictus has been sung in full after the canticle the choir kneels and the ferial preces are sung. After the collect of the day commemorations are sung of the simplified feast of St. Peter's Chair at Antioch and of St. Paul the Apostle.
Would be adventures should take some precautions about where you wander to. In big cities it’s easy to get on the wrong side of the tracks fast. Well in Ohio, I think the most you have to worry about is a rabid cow charging you because you are trying to take a picture of it. Unlike bears, cows will keep charging at you if you stand still. Ok, I don’t really know if bears won’t keep charging but just go with it. I don’t know if they were going to munch on me or what, but I got out of there fast. Well that is a story for another time. If you are smart enough to find this site then I am sure you know all about how to be an adult and be careful, but warnings never hurt.
Their lights burnt away,
Oh, speaking of falling... our poor girl had quite the accident at Chesterbook the other day. I looked at my phone during a break at work and saw "Missed Call & Voicemail from Chesterbrook Academy", I feel like my heart drops just seeing a missed call from there. I checked it immediately... they were calling to say that Alli was running (big surprise), fell, and cut her lip pretty bad. They were able to stop the bleeding, but it was "a lot of bleeding", and she's okay. I called Dad-E, who had also gotten the message, and we agreed that she'd probably be okay for the few more hours I had until I could pick her up from daycare. I picked her up and she was so sad... and her inner bottom lip looked just awful. Thankfully, she was a trooper and never even complained about it, and it has already healed quite nicely.
I’m cold.
Putting out the paper every week is not the problem. The only problem I can see is getting enough advertisers to pay the bills. I still have a lot of Faith and of course, a lot of Hope.
at the wounds I score
What is more significant is the hostility to both Michael and Elvira. Michael is a “drug-fiend”, whose death is practically welcomed. Where did Wodehouse get “drug-fiend” from? The trial reports hinted at debauchery and dissolution but stopped short of that accusation. Rumours did abound, especially among those “in the know”. Wodehouse was well acquainted with Beverley Nichols, who was happy to tell all and sundry that Michael was a “pusher of cocaine”, so maybe that’s the source.
After that, I got the idea for From Dust and Ashes and the prodigal son story got put on the shelf. Every now again I'd take out that idea, and turned it over in my mind a few times, but I felt God's whisper, "Not yet."
How They Croaked definitely goes on my list of “Books I Wish I Wrote.”
Hi, folks.
"I knew that already," said the bunny.
My dears, when I tell you this is going to be the mother of all teacher jackpots, I am not kidding. There are over 130 bloggers participating in an *amazing* blog hop event. We've each agreed to give away (for one day only) a Teachers Pay Teachers item from our store that is normally valued between $3-$8. The total jackpot is valued around $500!!
21. Go to an arcade
So, when I started getting phone calls from an unrecognizable Utah number, I decided to google it. Turns out the number belonged to a company I used to work for when I was in college. We would call people all over the United States to survey them about various things. Yes, I suppose I was a telemarketer of sorts...only I never sold anything - just took surveys. I got hung up on a lot as you can imagine.
Children witnessing their parents abusing prescription drugs often don’t know what to do if they’re able to even recognize it in the first place. Lindsay, a junior in college, remembers the first time she realized her dad had a problem.
So, go and ask the Universe for your requests. Remember to say thank you, and always honor yourself.
Great article, Understanding the Ideological Divide Between Liberals and Conservatives: Is it Possible for Us to Get Along?, on why and how conservatives reject reality. A Bush Administration official derisively referred to the opposition as “the reality based community,” implying that Bushies were not reality-based. Of course they were not. Ideologues never are.
Getting noticed among the millions of other people all trying to also get their song on the fucking True Blood soundtrack or whatever. Most of the people making music right now couldn’t tell you the reason they are even doing it. I will go on record and say that 85% of the people who are writing songs shouldn’t be. They should be hiring guys like me, and Richard Buckner, and Simon Joyner, and Tim Bracy, and Jerry from Black Swans…people who know how to write, and then the rest of these bands can stick to what they know – playing guitars, and preening, or whatever. I’m happy to leave the interviewing and the photo shoots and the autographing of records to someone else and just do the one thing I’m slightly good at. I’d be very happy to be the JD Souther of indie rock. Or the Desmond Child. Take your pick.
and some flowers from Prima. The title is made with Thickers.
Someday I'll write about that experience and how it impacted my life as I have all the letters to the editor, the newspaper articles and my journal from that very difficult time, but not yet. Off my soap box for today. :-)
My bipolar disorder is a blessing and a curse at the same time. Though it has wreaked havoc in my life, it has also made it impossible for me to tolerate intolerable situations, it makes it necessary to follow my heart. I can't fake my way through it like everyone else. I am constitutionally incapable of it. I wonder if that make sense? My weakness is my stregnth.
The first segment of this three-hour Monday Night Raw was allegedly going to be the contract signing between John Cena and Brock Lesnar. As you might have predicted, that didn’t happen. John Laurinaitis came out only to be bombarded by an unfriendly crowd. Laurinaitis announced that, because Lesnar was late, the signing would be postponed until later in the night when Brock would show up. While John Cena stood perplexed in the ring, a shocking Hall of Famer returned just seconds after Laurinaitis’ announcement to give Cena a few words: Edge. Edge made his way to the ring and proclaimed that the John Cena in the ring wasn’t the John Cena that he once remembered. As Edge continued to give Cena a talk, the more he stressed to Cena that he has to win his match at Extreme Rules. The Rated R Superstar then abruptly left the ring.
Mix together flour, salt and baking powder in food processor. Cut in leaf lard until crumbly. Do not overmix as you don’t want the lard to get too hot and melt.
The fact is there's nothing ignominious about keeping one eye on the media - and fashion - when you plan your next magnum opus.
As per the 3rd advance estimate, Rice production has been revised to a record 103.41 million tonne from 102.75 million tonne in the earlier estimate. Wheat output, too, has been pegged higher at 90.23 million tonne, from 88.31 million tonne in the second advance estimates.
#6. Lastly. The toilet seat is cold in the morning! Not my favorite thats for sure!
The fruit of the righteous is a tree of life; and he that winneth souls is wise.
You'll pretty much never see a landrover on an old V or W plate. In those years, BL was making the chassis and bulkhead out of the cheapest steel it could buy, much recycled, not a lot of new iron in the batch. Vehicles of this era needed patching so regularly that you could hire mechanics on powered skateboards to slide under the car during the commute to work and weld as you travelled.
It was NOT me that took 8 days to finish a weeks worth of laundry only to finally have it upstairs and still waiting to be put away causing a large mountain of laundry to have formed on our bathroom floors.
So remember, next time you see a Romanian, pull out your big anti-Romanian whistle and blow like there's no tomorrow before they do something really horrible, like ask for equal rights or citizenship.
It has been successfully used aboard ships to repel Somali pirates.
Don’t give up on learning. The next course could tie everything together and give you the right distinctions that make the difference to you.
BING:
A big guilty party is the oil industry and all the associated products and by-products. Do I think plastic has made our lives easier? Yes! Could I live without plastic nowadays, well, yes, but not living with all of our modern comforts. Am I against excessive use of plastics that eventually ends up being ingested by animals, and clogging our waterways, and whatever more detrimental effects? Yes.
Next thing we get is a letter from a cheerful Other Syndic, informing us brightly that on request of our neighbour Mr A, the Judge had nominated him as our temporary syndic to deal with the urgent matters of renovation of the house.
I am house sharing with Tim and Mario, and we are spending all day working together , so things had the capacity to get a little fraught. but no way, we were one happy little bunch, just laughing and joking all the way. I had so much fun as they introduced me to lots of new things. My favourite was when they taught me how to eat crab. Coming from England I was expecting it to be dressed ready to eat. Err obviously I was wrong...
Mix the milk with sugar and bring it to the boil. Keep it boiling and constantly stirring at high temperature - but not too high, you don't want it boiling over all over your stove. Keep doing this for 30 minutes. I know, stirring for such a long time is tiresome and exhausting, but basically, this is all the effort you need to put in this cake. No baking, no decorating, nothing. Just cooking. And cooking. And cooking.
I spent quite a bit of time yesterday reading and watching videos and the sadness was dispelled often when I was reminded of the funny and fun loving side of him. At the bottom of this post is a photo he would probably have enjoyed very much.
On April 28, Purea appeared for the first time, as Cook recalled:
- have daddy babysit you for a long time
And when that gets old, it will be something new. But, miraculously, there will be a drug for it.
1 cup coriander seed
Buy your own booze – Drinking cocktails and buying bottles of wine with dinner can jack up the bottom line in no time. By keeping your own supply tucked in a handy flask you can catch a buzz for a fraction of the price.
Sobe blush - Enchanted (applied to cheek bones and blending back toward the hair line)
James Clark is a master at multitasking. Before becoming a Silicon Valley giant, he was known as a man who pursued his ambitions through every possible opportunity he could take.
HaandBryggeriet Bestefar Norweigian Winter Ale 2010
Steve Hickey, Ph.D. (United Kingdom)
She is everywhere. She is there, while I'm brushing my teeth. While I'm ironing my clothes. She's ruining the taste of food in my mouth and sucking the beauty out of the music in my ears. She's staring at me, with her lips spread into that creepy grin thing she does, and I'm shivering in my little gray boots. (PS the plastic surgery is really not helping reduce the creep-out factor. Some people were not made for full-on-smiling. Yeash.) I suspect, had Stephen King met Carla Bruni thirty years ago, the "It" wouldn't have been a clown, but a Carla doll complete with Jackie-O get up. In short, I feel like I'm being stalked by the Queen of France.
“When that lawn mower cuts off your toes, don’t come running to me.”
It surprises me that we haven't seen a few more records dedicated to this man yet...I mean come on people, ya'll was dancing in the streets when Mike passed and his story was nowhere near as great as Teddy P's...at least not in terms of the comeback he staged after that car accident anyway. Ughh, I might of just secured a dizzying amount of angry emails from MJ supporters wackos. All I'm sayin is, teddy was that dude in an enormous way...perhaps the greatest to ever come outta Philly and believe me that in itself is a towering achievement.
In preparation for tomorrow's answer session—which I'm hoping to keep as short as I possibly can, but we'll see—I thought I would go a little light today and upload some photos from my cellphone telephone.
Of course, she went with a glittery blue and a bright pink. I didn't have the heart to tell her she's not Barbie.
In Britain, I got a passport saying F as soon as I changed my name. My GP had to write to the passport agency saying I intended to live female life long. In Australia I read one can get a passport marked M, F or X for indeterminate; X is not open to transgender people, but that will come. The US has dropped the surgery requirement for giving a correct gender marker on the passport.
And the profit and loss.
Me: “Well,” (looking down at the bottom of my boat), “I guess it’s a little damp from the drops of water splashed into it from the paddle, but I mean, not really. You?”
What do YOU think?!?!?!
That’s the promise that Thompson and the DLP put in writing and it’s a promise that they broke with their first piece of legislation that killed the Graeme Hall National Park, and since then in many other cases.
ATTORNEY: You forget? Can you give us an example of something you forgot?
February is about to end… and so new schedules will be up… mixed up… including off would be changed… so we don’t know, how long this little club we got going gonna last… but hey, it’s good while it is lasting…
Knots are tied and knots unraveled
This renovation has not been very eco, as I am NOT an expert on eco building materials (yet?) and mostly my Dad was in charge! Also, there have been some considerations: not-so-very-strong walls and balcony mean that light (not heavy) materials need to be used. So polycarbonate was recommended to us.
- Mary Carolyn Davies
Isaiah is shaken to his core; “Woe is me, for I am undone!” He is a broken man in the presence of God. This is not a destructive brokenness, however, God is wearing Isaiah down in order to put him back together…Stronger…purer…. Holy.
The MC asked SHINee, how do you feel when you are watching your own video? Key responded, “when we were trainees, we weren’t sure of whether we would be able to debut or not. I always had these types of troubling doubts，therefore, letting the audiences see our videos when we were training seriously and working hard, those are the records of our efforts…
Penne Frittata with Basil and Ricotta
Touching.
The facts provide that a taxpayer lives and works in the U.S. as an employee of Belgium. The taxpayer, although not a U.S. citizen, is a lawful permanent resident (i.e. a green card holder).
5) The story of Atalanta. I knew this only through Free to Be ... You and Me for a long time, and it did, naturally, smooth over some of the grislier parts of the myth. It looks like the forthcoming Pixar movie, Brave, plays with the "I want my princess daughter married off!" part of the story, purposefully or not, but I want a real exploration of a girl who became a fierce hunter after her father left her on a mountaintop to die. (You think your dad is strict.)
We really did have a good meeting. We always have the same disruptive kids, but I always plan on them being disruptive. That's just how they are. One of them has a special need, and he's just that way. The other one isn't diagnosed with anything, so its either just not diagnosed yet, or who knows? Parenting (is that harsh? I'm sure people said that about Jake and us when he was that age...)
shoe isn't tight enough, it doesn't match
8 Tumbling Dice 3:13
Sorry the pics are not formal, but life has been crazy of late. Setting up some photo shoot just isn't feasible these days. Fortunately, life is crazy with family gatherings, so this increases the chances that I get pictures like this to share. ;)
With the recent world financial crisis, Mexico, just as other countries, is looking for ways to improve tax collection. Thus, there have been many changes to the rules regarding capital gains tax on home sales in Mexico, and I will attempt to provide the best information possible.
Saddened with bitter regret
One of the most momentous events of our lives, and I didn't see it coming.
Your spirit has traveled both long and afar.
10:59 PM – The birthday boy is back…or not. Johnny and Lesnar are dumbfounded by Cena no- showing. Lesnar takes the mic and tries to draw Cena out by calling him scared, and saying he has no balls. Cena still does not make an appearance, so Lesnar decides that he has some business he would like to discuss with Johnny. Lesnar has some changes that he would like to see. Lesnar has not been happy with his return, so he has a few demands for Johnny Ace, and he wants these changes in place before Sunday. His list of changes begins with Johnny being told he must run all major decision through Brock. Lesnar would also like to use Vince McMahon’s private jet to travel to and from RAW. Another of Lesnar’s demands is that he will appear on RAW when he wants, and of course, Brock also wants more money. Lesnar goes on to say that he will not wrestle on Sunday until all of his demands are met. Johnny has no choice but to agree to Lesnar’s terms. Once Johnny agrees, Lesnar signs the contract for Sunday.
Untied but still immobilized by extremely robust hands I am pushed behind the sorceress. Leaving the grove we reach the majestic quadrangular peristyle in whose central garden grass, flowers, fountains and ponds are arranged with elegant symmetry.
Should've woken up earlier.
An honest mistake really, and over here in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, us foodies will drive far out to get some good food. Sometime even across to the next state. Naturally this is nothing less to expect of me even though I'm travelling in a different country. When it comes to good food, I will be all geared up to look up for the best place to satisfy my tummy.
Time Magazine then weighed in with this article in their March 29, 1948 issue, basically regurgitating various ideas from Wertham's symposium.
Not at all concerned about her frail health, her age factor, or traveling alone or any such issue she went on to live her dream and came back beaming with excitement and fond memories of the two countries she visited Turkey and Greece.
I learned to play Hambone, like many other children who grew up in North Philadelphia, whose parents or grandparents had migrated from the South.
A condominium management board in Ottawa, Ontario, has ruled that a the owner of a plug-in hybrid vehicle can’t use an electrical outlet in his building’s garage unless he buys his own $3,000 meter.
The date and venue of the meeting will be made known in due course. Senior Advocate Wim Trengove said: “It is important for all of us, including all the judges involved, to bear in mind that the credibility and standing of these institutions are more important than the personal interests of the parties involved.”
***Hope to see you TODAY at 2:00 PM Eastern for the Waltzingmouse DT Blog Waltz!
Restoration: If you don't get enough sleep, you'll make too much cortisol and that means one thing: belly fat. That's right, I said it. The Buddah belly is not a good look for me! And it's deadly to have it around your heart. They've also proven that you'll release more weight if you get a good night's sleep. 7 hrs seems to be the magic number from the research I've done. I've made it a priority. I have to say, this is the easiest one. I do love a good snooze.
Restart this race, regain some pride.
Cook for your enemy a delicious gourmet meal. When you serve it to them, make sure it is laced generously with a deadly poison. I often garnish their food with broken glass, just for fun.
Massage therapy training can be a very sensible loan option for most people, so you can't concern yourself too much with what may happen with health care for themselves despite of their casino and experience a lot of fun then you can make an informed decision when it comes time for the people around.
Eugene Terre'Blanche's youngest alleged killer is happy and safe, while his jailed accomplice has his future in the hands of a maverick lawyer.
mentor carefully,
589 D-XI/16(A)/1969. “The Obvious Distinction Between Insanity and Sanity: Comments on a Movie, The King of Hearts.” Basic Program Weekend Conference, The University of Chicago, Starved Rock State Park, Illinois.
Fine Carpentry - Dan Young Construction
modern man, ecosystem destroyer,
Another rewarding moment was launching, alongside a terrifically industrious and passionate middle-grade/YA author, an interactive site: one so sophisticated in groundwork and concept that my former company had taken about 7 years to pull the same thing off! (I’m not positing that the site was on equal technical par, but we were able – with three pairs of eyes: an author, a marketer, and a web developer – to emulate all the interactive, data capture, and entertainment/game elements required, all branded around the book without off-putting its audience with too much push-to-buy. It’s a site I’ll always take pride in seeing as it lives on, and with hope, it will be the foothold as the author expands her recognition in the continuation of her series.
Oh in the Tower of Song
NICE LADY: Oh, no! Everything was GREAT! It's just that we stepped away from the table and someone cleared away our wine and we still had two full glasses left.
Here’s a list of participating cruise agencies and current mileage offers:
Yet there is a new earth, a New Paradise waiting for you.
Each animal symbolizes the behavior. So, a turtle means the child was "slow to follow directions" and a bee means the child was "talking to much" (a busy bee). An octopus means "hitting others" and a ladybug means "bugging others." At the end of the day, the teacher asks each child to empty his/her pockets and they mark down which animal they have on a chart that comes home each day.
I live in a small town in Washington State near the Cascade Mountains. I have worked in the Human Services field for thirty years, mainly in chemical addition. My writing genre has taken me to different arenas: suspense- One Step Ahead Of Danger, contemporary-Life Choices and now, with Dark Side Of Purgatory, the paranormal.
9. There is a very common misconception that Roman soldiers were paid in salt (hence the word Salary), but in fact they were paid in normal money. The connection with salt is possibly through the fact that the soldiers protected the salt roads leading to Rome (Via Salarium). Roman Soldiers were private employees - rather than state employees.
A picture of the entrance of our old apartmentin KC. It was our very first home together, so it holds a pretty special place in our hearts.
A very pretty lemon-yellow.
Watermelon or Strawberry
No, I did not!
“My most recent personal, emotional loss of a relationship, has led me on this continual quest to find answers. I’m sorry, dammit, but I need closure…
- Piezo (maybe alert on high temp?)
Fortunately I’ve got a few generous co-workers who’ve been helping and rest really is all it’s cracked up to be. So I’m on the mend and…
My Islam is Noble Drew Ali passing out tonics and lottery numbers
How about your friendly neighborhood cops on roller skates? I've seen the police on bikes, on horseback, and even on Segways but this was a first for me. The nice weather clearly had everyone in a good mood as this trio had pulled out a copy of Paris Par Arrondissement to help a lost soul find his destination.
American craft brewing was getting bigger and better, and in one of the inspiring turnabouts in world cultural history, American brewers began inspiring the Old World to rethink and embellish its traditional brewing ideas, resulting in a new generation of incredible imports to hit American shelves.
This is our biggest fundraiser of the year and all proceeds are used to purchase and repair instruments, buy music sheets, uniforms and help cover transportation for the band. It gives our youth the opportunities to perform and compete in many community events that are positive experiences for our band.
Then, Josh and I went to the ultrasound to find out the news! It was fun to have a moment for just the two of us to learn our baby's gender. I'm not huge on surprises anyway, so I'm glad I had a chance to learn in private (well, with two ultrasound techs that were complete strangers...). Then we hopped in the car and drove to one of our favorite meeting places, a mexican restaurant called Acapulco.
If you stood in the furthest room, you could see through all the other rooms and it made you feel sad; it was like a train ready to leave with its lights shining over the platform. The last room was dark like the inside of a tunnel except for a faint glow in the gold frames and the mirror which was hung too high on the wall. All the lamps were soft and misty and made a very tiny circle of light. And when you ran you made no noise.
Some of you have found my blog posts with Google searches. A simple search like, “change default font word 2007,” can yield several sites explaining exactly what I explain in this post. It’s not rocket science, yet many people don’t immediately think of it.
All-Star Authority
Why is this you ask? African-Americans and Native Americans both suffer from obesity and hypertension. These are two of the major risk factors for heart disease. Experts attribute this to the fact that people of color tend to live in areas where they do not have access to quality lifestyle choices and excellent yet affordable healthcare. Minorities are also less likely to receive preventative care such as angiograms. In order to change this, we need to change the cultural competency of doctors. With this, hopefully minorities will begin to see a decline in heart disease.
By caring for the reality of the white race and for its very survival Romadanovsky was, of course, guilty of the greater crime, and the entire weight of the Russian state descended upon him.
Upper hand: Barclays CEO Bob Diamond has threatened to move the bank's headquarters to New York
Matthew 5:44-45 But I say unto you, Love your enemies, bless them that curse you, do good to them that hate you, and pray for them which despitefully use you, and persecute you; That ye may be the children of your Father which is in heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.
Advanced Google Searching for Social Media is the 20th in a series of excerpts from our book, Be a Person: the Social Media Operating Manual for Enterprises (itself part of a series for different audiences). At this rate it’ll be a long time before we get through all 430 pages, but luckily, for the impatient the book is available in paper form at http://bit.ly/OrderBeAPerson save $5 using Coupon Code 62YTRFCV
Now of course, there’s nothing left to sell, the oil is running out, and places that escaped the worst ravages of Thatcherism in the 1980s now also find themselves staring into the abyss now their industries and communities have also declined. Wealth and opportunity is shrinking and many of those who had done well in these times are now seeing their children and grandchildren denied the opportunities they had, and face a society that seems darker and harsher than they could have imagined a few years ago.
I like to take the darkest shade and apply along the lower lash line, this can be as smudgy as you dare, as this isfro beginners I've taken a small amount but if this was for me personally I would pack it on.
They have come to consider themselves a law unto themselves and not only neglect the rakyat who they are supposed to serve but treat them with contempt, disdain and disrespect, leading to an outpouring of complaints against them, which they coolly ignore.
I know I have a fickle heart
Publisher: Pocket Books (April 24, 2012)
Another reason for the heavy weight given to official sources is that the mass media claim to be “objective” dispensers of the news. Partly to maintain the image of objectivity, but also to protect themselves from criticisms of bias and the threat of libel suits, they need material that can be portrayed as presumptively accurate. This is also partly a matter of cost: taking information from sources that may be presumed credible reduces investigative expense, whereas material from sources that are not prima facie credible, or that will elicit criticism and threats, requires careful checking and costly research.
Concurrently with the advertising of the (non-)reduction in the megadevelopment’s size, Ms. Burden was defending the huge size of Atlantic Yards. It should be noted the that the huge size of Atlantic Yards may only be legally possible with the superblocking, which by transferring eliminated streets to a private owner, changes the FAR (floor to area ratio) calculations. FAR is a measure used to regulate density. In essence, if you want to state a lower FAR number you are virtually backed into superblocking, even if that does not truly achieve the “lower density” that the lower FAR number appears to suggest. See the Times story Atlantic Yards Developer Accepts 8% Reduction in Project, by Nicholas Confessore, (September 28, 2006):
Sorry about that. However, in the meantime, I do just feel like a slacker. A failure. Even though I'm NOT failing. I'm just stalled. I KNOW I'm not failing. But that old black sludge just keeps bubbling up and trying to tell me I am. So... like Tinkerbell needing claps and "I do believe in fairies" to stay alive... help the Slacker out a little here. Just remind me that progress takes time and as long as I keep looking forward and not back, I'll eventually reach my intended destination.
12 Let's Spend The Night Together
"I don’t much care where--" said Alice.
I saw the trailer for this once about a month ago in theaters. It was long and dull. I honestly can't bring myself to watch it again to refresh my memory. The basic story is this: Lincoln gets shot and everyone connected to the killer is put on trial. This includes a woman (Wright, I believe). McAvoy plays a lawyer (not sure for which side) who is distressed at having a woman barely connected to the plot being persecuted. I'm of mixed emotions about this movie. I don't want to go see it because the trailer was so yawn-worthy, but I'm interested because I believe James McAvoy to be a very talented actor. I think he could possibly make it onto my Legends List (Heath Ledger, Christian Bale, and Meryl Streep are all on it, just to name a few). I probably won't go see this one in theaters. $9 is a lot to pay to see something you don't really want to see in the first place. If you want to view the trailer for yourself, it's on imdb.com under the title page. My guess: 3 out of 5
Me: "My accent?" (sounding really confused....Do I REALLY sound that Texan & country??)
I am definitely going to appreciate these casseroles in a few weeks!
Unfortunately college basketball is over and football is over 4 months away from starting. But opening day for major league baseball was sunday night. The Chicago Cubs opened on Monday. And they opened with a bang. The Cubs opened with a 16-5 loss, but it is ok because according to Cubs fans this is their year. So here is my top ten things said by a Cubs fan prior to opening day.
Though the period of a Nazirite vow was normally relatively short — 30 to 100 days, John the Baptist, like Samson, was a Nazirite from birth. Another perpetual Nazirite was the prophet, judge, and priest, Samuel, who was dedicated by his mother as referenced above. In the New Testament, the Apostle Paul may have taken a Nazirite vow (Acts 18:18) after his conversion. Also, in Acts 21, Paul was to pay the rather hefty expenses associated with the vow for some other Hebrew Christians in Jerusalem in order to demonstrate his respect for the Law of Moses.
would not have been thought of as kinky
My own nirvana being comfortable with myself,but at the same time being able to share with others.
I felt horribly jealous when NaNoWriMo started - I felt so resentful that I had to go to work when what I really wanted to do was sit home with the phone unplugged and WRITE WRITE WRITE!
Saturday, 5/7 - HBG's Tailgate for Nothing 4 - Get your tail over to the Sun King parking lot anytime after 11am. Bring chairs, bring food and beer to share. This is always a good time and everyone who wants to share good food and beer are welcome.
I never imagined how hard this would be--could be. Every day without them is agony. It has now been two months since we first boarded that flight to Ethiopia, our stomachs fluttering with butterflies, our hearts about to be opened in a way we didn't even know was possible.
So, when James called HSSH earlier this week, and told me about the conversation, I was upset. I told some friends about the conversation, and they were upset… in fact one of them mentioned Psalm 37 to me… and that chapter brought me up for air.
and a Super-in-tendent’s House,
Paul was in the garage sorting through the big piles of yardsale-ables donated by my parents and the "good" stuff that didn't sell at the fall sale. I photographed the old stroller and deluxe double stroller and a few higher end items and listed them tonight on cr@isglist.
Have a wonderful day, wherever you are!
Intelligibility is one of those language-related concepts that everyone talks about and nobody knows what it means. It serves, for example, as a handy (read: ‘futile’) trick to assign inexistent boundaries to languages, which are said to be mutually unintelligible, versus dialects of the “same” language, which are said not to be. On this issue, I refer to Spanportishese, as above. We human beings in fact appear to be the only species for whom unintelligibility is an issue: Russian horses, say, and Brazilian ones seem to have no trouble communicating with one another, as far as we human beings can ascertain.
The graph below shows preterm births (ie. less than 37 weeks gestation) as a percentage of all live births recorded in Scottish hospitals between 1996 and 2010 (the period that Pell claims to have studied).
Gore Vidal likes to explore round all the nooks and crannies of my dirty little cave. Party Time, who had to take to the streets and sleep on the footpath this last few months has thusly chosen to sleep on the floor instead of in my bed or on the sofa, which is where he used to kip when he lived with me before. So Party Time stays down on the floor most of the time and playing with Gore Vidal I enjoy seeing his, albeit flaky, composure return.
determines your character, competence and future. That critical choice must be made
1265 **D-II/21/1997. “Ancients and Moderns: On Constantine Cavafy’s Thermopylae.” Hellenic Cultural Organization, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1999(4), above, pp. 763-74.) See Item C-1999(3), above, pp. 7-8.
Also, I just really like complicated things.
What is your word of the year? Anyone have any big changes coming up that require a little trusting to get you through?
Have a little faith and show the world who is bold.
Nancy – 56 (25.81%)
As I look over my to-do list, I realize I am a tad-bit overwhelmed this month (with graduation and all of the events that go along with it). And so, I've decided to take a short break from blog posts for the remainder of May.
Any defects to the buildings or threats to public safety appear to be consistent with conditions found at countless other buildings in New York City. Such defects can be safely stabilized with commonly-used repair measures.
* California Technology and Administration Branch Finance * California Telecommunications Division * California Telephone Medical Advice Services (TAMS) * California Transportation Commission * California Travel and Transportation Agency * California Unclaimed Property Program * California Unemployment Insurance Appeals Board * California Unemployment Insurance Program * California Uniform Construction Cost Accounting Commission * California Veterans Board * California Veterans Memorial * California Veterinary Medical Board and Registered Veterinary Technician Examining Committee * California Veterinary Medical Board * California Victim Compensation and Government Claims Board * California Volunteers * California Voter Registration * California Water Commission * California Water Environment Association
10. Tell us something about the person who tagged you.
Jim Henson is the man who first got me interested in the movies and how they were made. His behind-the-scenes special on “The Jim Henson Hour” left a profound impact on me as a child. The work and trickery involved in bringing dreams to life is no easy task. When I read Tolkien, Lovecraft, Burroughs, Carroll, and MacDonald I imagine the worlds and creatures they fashion out of mere words. When I watch a fantasy movie I marvel at the dazzling images that teams of people had to work on tirelessly to create for the screen. Fantasy films can visually transport us through the looking-glass or wardrobe or whatever. By taking us to other worlds they can sometimes more easily point out the flaws of our own society because the audience’s guard is down and they may be more receptive to the message if they are taught without, at first, realizing it. I further believe that even when fantasy is entirely and only for entertainment purposes it is not mere triviality. After all, there is something to be said of a breath of fresh air.
He satisfies.
Michael Prince – Bucknell
3. To See,
Some point later, Malchezaar came to Azeroth and turned up in Demon Fall Canyon. None of the other lesser demons there had ever been able to yank to axe out of the rocks, and they generally kept their distance, seeing as having the axe that killed their head honcho right there was probably kind of creepy. But, Malchezaar figured it would be a pretty good trophy for him to pick up for that very reason, and so after some doing he managed to yank it out of the stone. Apparently, by the way, he made a big deal about the fact that he was the one that managed to pull the axe out, and how that was an omen that he was destined for greatness and to be king of the demons and what-have-you, and by the way THAT’S when he started calling himself PRINCE Malchezaar, pretentious fucker.
My mom and I prepared dinner: Filet Mignon, Salad, Potatoes, Corn, Croissants and Apple Pie. It was delicious! I love that we don't do the 'traditional turkey'. After all, it makes you feel so lazy and tired! Since we only use our dining room for holidays/special occasions, I love decorating it :) so here are a few pictures of our festive fall table:
Growing your own food is as exciting as it is unpredictable. In our culture where we've tried as hard as possible to remove all risk, surprise, and danger, a garden can be one of the most exciting and humbling projects to take on.
We passed some camels but I was happier to be on a horse!
It is not a uniquely South African practice, but it is one that needs to be monitored as we head towards Mangaung 2012, where the party's next leadership battle will be fought. In South Africa, the process is managed by the party through an organisation it owns, the Progressive Business Forum (PBF). You will find it advertised on the ANC website.
January 10th I’ve noted my Mom had her colonoscopy. Ten days later on January 20th, the results were in and it was confirmed she had colon cancer and would require surgery on February 11th. A follow up CATSCAN was scheduled for January 27th. Not good news at all! She was scared, but took it like a trooper and I felt she’d be okay very strongly.
On the report, Chikunga said: “The report today, if you look at it and really think about it, it’s somewhat a fatal report.”
and today i don't really know why i went to the op shop because i hadn't really intended to but i did..
Now on to the tutorial!
Needles: US 4 circ's
That means we are always on the lookout for real estate. The purchasable kind.
I love recipes that you can throw together in no time at all! That's how this recipe is today - quick, easy, and yummy. My whole family loves this one!
Make sure you visit your own local Irish cultural club or center, there’s a home there for anyone with a Celtic soul and plenty of rewarding work if you’d like to volunteer your services.
The recipe is simplicity itself. While slicing the cabbage and onion and apple you let the sausages brown in the pressure cooker. I´m usually too lazy to brown, but in this instance it´s pretty painless. By the time everything is prepped, the bangers are golden and smelling a treat.
Young Adult (Ya): Luckily I have not written anything in this area yet (no universe…don’t you dare!) Ages: 14-21
*** UPDATE: Sorry folks the linky went faulty, it's now fixed. Please resubmit your links! 02/06/2011
"We'll get it for her," Abby said, touching her medal. "She'll be proud of us." She sat up straight in her chair. "It's the best training in the world, isn't it, Dad?"
The Freep alleges that appellate defender commission delayed turning over to authorities evidence of questionable, and possibly illegal, activities involving its former director James Neuhard, and evidence of pornography allegedly found on the computer that he used until his abrupt retirement in January 2011.
Set the butter in a bowl to reach room temperature. Add sugars and beat with an electric mixer until blended. Add the egg and beat until creamy. Beat in the vanilla.
Max Coleman's authoritative book analyses all deaths due to political violence from 1948 to 1994 in South Africa and Namibia.
But Death has stolen our company
Hi Pete, thanks for having me.
At the reality of what was next to take place
Mahek: – Do you remember the small amphitheater inside our college campus. It was almost mid-way between boy’s and girl’s hostel.
I want to start out this memory-for-MIPS series with information on using the buffer pool virtual storage resource that you already have more beneficially, from a performance perspective, for three reasons: 1) the buffer pool configuration is typically the primary DB2 consumer of a system's memory resource, 2) you can really do some good by tuning what you've got, and 3) before asking for more memory for DB2 buffers, you ought to be making good use of the memory you've got.
At a court hearing, Zdebski said, he was shocked when the prosecutor called him a child molester and asked for a $125,000 bond, which the judge granted.
Mon; 10:30am: Did someone drug me? Or is this what could be called an emotional hangover?
Amidst all the chaos he had forgotten that they had left to take their annual summer vacation.
it used to look like this:
Why have the Leiden leaves shrunk?
Cambridge
And, if you’re hosting a Derby Day party – don’t forget a fabulous invitation to make a strong impression from the start! Here are a few of our favorite Derby-inspired invitation designs.
Joe and I spontaneously decided last night to take a road trip. Destination? “Somewhere that’s not Bergen or Passaic county,” since I have exhausted all the attractions (i.e. malls) in the area. Unfortunately, in my not so humble opinion, Bergen and Passaic are really the only counties in New Jersey that offer anything to do. Also, it gets dark at 4 pm. So a road trip in the dark, to the western parts of NJ I try to avoid, inevitably ends up being fruitless. Oh, and scary. The winding, unlit roads we had to travel going through all the small and unfamiliar towns felt like something out of Supernatural and I kept fearing that at any moment, those crazy inbred creatures from the horror classic, Wrong Turn (JK, it is an awful movie) would pop out. You know, these ones:
Now, although this might all be a jolly interesting exercise, I must add that none of this has any direct bearing on anybody who’s actually using the first method – that is, anyone really bending spoons with genuine psychic powers. That’d be like miming to a Mariah Carey track and expecting Simon Cowell to give you a record deal. They’re not affected by the details of how a similar effect can be faked, because they know that they’re doing something completely different.
Deschooling 101
After two months of it’s release, Stam1na’s Nocebo is finally in my hands. Since it was my first time ordering something from Finland i was expecting it to take quite a while to get to Brazil and i wasn’t wrong, to be more precise, it was pre-ordered on the 11th of january through the finnish website recordshopx.com and arrived a little over two months of the date it was sent. But nothing wrong with that because every single day of waiting was worth and when it was delivered i literally dribbled of excitement. Nocebo is a beauty.
“To the average reader, Puck and Bottom are probably the most memorable characters in the play, Bottom especially. This instinct is right. Bottom is as much the master-character here as Launce is in The Two Gentlemen of Verona. Bottom symbolizes the earthy, the ponderous, the slow, in contrast with Puck, who is all that is quick, light, and aerial. Bottom is substance, the real in the common acceptance of that term. If Puck is the apex, Bottom is the base without whose four-square foundation the pyramid of life would topple over. He is the antithesis of the thesis of the play, the ballast that keeps the elfin bark of it from capsizing. He is literally what goes to the bottom. Like all heavy things he is content with his place in life, but his egotism is the unconscious selfishness of a child, both a sense and a consequence of his own individuality, not greed but pride in the good significance of that word. His realistic conception of stagecraft is in character. To Puck, Bottom is an ass. Yet Titania falls in love with him, ass’s head and all.
Operation EBay has begun and so far it has taken up a great deal of time and energy. However this is just the learning curve and research stage so each item listed is taking time and the whole procedure is being refined so that we have a working model to follow that will make all the other ( hundreds of ) listings a much smoother process. Files will be made and records will be kept so we know exactly how much we make ( fees for selling on EBay and fees for using Pay pal to take into account! ) and there will be a sheet of instructions so that Alan is able to do it if need be - if I am having a bad day, week or month as sometimes happens ;-))
Who’d have thought that cake etiquette could be such a minefield?
Preheat oven to 375. Spray an 8x8 baking dish with pan spray. Place cubed bread in dish.
In Marcus Garvey, I waited outside in the quiet, semi dark. And in the front yard of one of the shacks I spotted a toilet, vulnerable and stark in the night, gleamed by the rag of moon.
They can never come at an untimely hour. He is never too busy to see them and to listen to their words of love and prayer.
the history of dead kings, perhaps,
Is it that Heffer is no longer wanted by the Mailmen who have taken over at the Barclay Brothers’ press flagship? This would be odd, as Simon Heffer’s column continues to get massive hits and long comment threads: he is that rare animal, a respected but polarising columnist.
Zig says “The way you start and end your child’s day is extremely important because if the day is started and ended properly, the time in between will go much better”. This made a lot of sense, because when I reflected on the other times that I’m gentle and would kiss him and we giggle together in the mornings, things flow sooo much easier.
What inspired you to write this particular book?
That’s okay though. ANNNNNDDDD..it’s National Volunteer Month, so I have been busy, busy promoting and doing interviews.
My older brother, H, has developed a survival strategy that makes the Antarctic look warm!! Even his youngest daughter wishes he’d relax and ‘let his hair down!”. He teases without warmth. He has to be ‘right’. He has to be in Control. The result is he now runs his life in a way which excludes acts of love by those who love him. He seems unable to show any sign of vulnerability or warmth.
You will need at least a medium sized rice cooker for this and it doesn't really matter if it's one with all the bells and whistles or one that you have to keep pressing the "Cook" button down because it keeps going into "Keep Warm" while you are cooking the damned onion. Ask me how I know. If the cooker goes into Keep Warm while you are cooking the rice without the liquid, it's OK, don't freak out, my did and the rice turned out delicious!
...Stunning papers are also a collection I've had for ages & forgot just how much I love them! Its the Shabby Chique collection by Tim Holtz & comes in lovely muted shades of pink's, blue's & grey's. I've used a label shaped 'Get in Shape' template to make the front & back of the bag, which has been cut using the largest size from Bazzil card-stock & decorated using the next size down with designer papers. I've then created a middle section approx 1 1/2" thick with flaps either side to join the 2 pieces together. The insides have all been decorated with the same designer paper collection too. Edges have been inked with Weathered Wood & distressed with craft knife.Lastly the handle has been cut with Martha Stewart Doily Lace edges punch & attached to either side. Here's a closer look...
Jared is enjoying classes and has recently taken a part time job at the Boston Public Library working in their archives.
Canada's primary care physicians serve as gatekeepers to the rest of the health system. Canadians are free to choose a PCP, and most choose based on long-standing family relationships. Recent reforms have extended selected primary care responsibilities to nurse practitioners. While the physicians typically work on a basis of fee-for-service, provinces are experimenting with alternative payment contracts based on such modernizations as 24/7 availability and telehealth applications for rural and remote areas.
Did I mention this fall weather is perfect for cycling?
Jewbelation is Shmaltz He’Brew’s annual anniversary ale, brewed for release during Hanukkah. It began with 8 in 2004. The 2010 release is 14, and as usual, the anniversary year corresponds with the number of malts and hops used to brew it, and the alcohol content by volume.
GT needs an Agree-Minister. An Agree minister who can get the fly-by-night entrepreneurs to pay their fair share of rates and taxes. The Agree Minister must also be able to make sure business men ent thief light and get building permits to extend, expand and excrete whenever and wherever they want.
What inspired you to write SHINE?
A hundred years later and he still is. It’s not just the Martian weather that never changes. For good and bad, superheroes remain America’s favorite way of mythologizing itself.
Think I'll ever hear that again...
Where was I? Oh yeah, summer. A quick glance at the calendar tells me that we only have 18 school days left. WHOOHOOO!!! I love giving my alarm clock a vacation. As for a vacation for the rest of us, I'm really glad that we were able to go to Disney over the Mardi Gras break because with gas prices the way they are now, I don't expect us to be taking any kind of trip this summer. We were hoping to have an above ground pool installed, but it looks like that is being put on hold again for yet another year. Right now the wonderful therapists at Physical Therapy are getting our pool money. That's okay. Having a hubby who can walk is worth it!
Unfortunately, he wasn't a great baseball player after he turned 27. He got hurt, played through pain and on dreadful teams, lost most of the thump in his bat -- he hit just .292 and slugged just .424 after his 27th birthday.
In all honesty, I just feel lost & really lonely. My job is going on alright. A is doing pretty well. Thank God! I don’t know why then I feel the way I do. I just know that I feel like I have no one. There are days I just want to give up. Off late, I feel this a lot more. I feel like if I switched my phone off, went away somewhere there probably will be no one who will miss me. I am pathetic & I know that too!!
5 examine
Would the Establishment be willing to bomb cities in the West using their paid fanatics in their Al Qaeda units? Of course they would. Would they be willing to carry out false flag operations and blame the Pakistanis for them? New York 11/9/1, Madrid 11/3/4 and London 7/7/5 answer that question. Would a war against Pakistan be used to fuel unrest in Europe as an excuse to bring in the Police State complete with concentration camps? I wouldn't doubt it for a moment.
this life
Christmas day was so exciting for McGuire, Santa found our house after all them moving we had just done. We were so excited! McGuire had no idea that there were gifts under our tree, he just wanted his lights on. When we pointed out that there were some surprises there for him he was so thrilled! We let him open up the biggest one first (big mistake) it was a potty! He wanted to go potty they rest of the morning and open his presents that way. Lol my mom got a picture of us with him on it. He wouldn't get up from it. But all in all he had a great Christmas!
the holy catholic Church,
Say what you want about American Idol, but the original singing competition is still better than poor imitators like X-Factor and The Voice. And it’s not all American Idol’s fault, The X-Factor and The Voice just have way too many flaws as TV shows. We’ll see how Simon Cowell fixes the American X-Factor for its second season, but for now let’s talk about how to fix The Voice:
Once Upon a Time…
and a victor in Christ Jesus!
Episode 1 begins with Micky the prince waking up in the middle of the night. He starts to call for the crown princess and as he gets agitated, I start to feel bad for his wife because he’s clearly one impatient, horny dude. But apparently, I have a dirty mind because he was yelling out of worry because he realized that something was wrong. He runs out and his hunch is indeed correct: the princess is dead. Oh noes!
A new version of the old scene
This is how the Monster Teeth Subtraction activity works. There are six different monsters, with a different number of teeth in each mouth. You roll a die or spin a spinner to see how many teeth you will black out, and then write an equation to match the picture. For example, in the picture above, the monster had eight teeth. The child rolled a die that came up with a number four, so he colored in four teeth. Then he wrote the equation, "8 - 4 = 4."
Never to feel a breeze
But let’s get back to Cary Grant. He was suave, handsome, charming. When “Charade” was released, he was 59 years old, playing a romantic lead opposite a 34 year old Audrey Hepburn. But the 25 year age gap meant nothing to me. I loved the chemistry between them. I started looking for more Cary Grant. And I found him. I think I can honestly say there isn’t a film I didn’t like him in. Whether it was the Oscar-worthy (nomination, but not a win) heartstring tugging of 1941′s “Penny Serenade,” or the daffy comedic antics of 1944′s “Arsenic and Old Lace,” I loved every minute he was onscreen. Nominated twice, he never won an Oscar except for an honorary award in 1970. Nevertheless, Cary Grant is my favorite actor of all time.
Then there was Star Wars.... I distinctly remember going to a brand new theater to see this one... I tagged alone with my older brothers and their friends. Again had to be 15 or 16... And this is what they said to me before the movie started: "This is critical! Every time you hear Obi Won you need to clap! If you don't you will be the only one in the theater not doing it." Well of course I believed my big brother ... I mean who wouldn't, right? Do I need to go further?
There are very few of us who know just what all of Obama's Czars do, as they quietly go about their "work" in the nation's capital. This listing of their names and job descriptions should be educational to all Americans, no matter what your political leaning. See who they are and realize what they want to do:
Travelling solo gives you so much freedom to do the things you want. That said, melancholy sometimes come unexpectedly. More so if you have been to a place with your family and the next time you travel there, memories circle in your mind. But you don’t have to let the blues pull you down.
This may be a very good thing and a very bad thing for the Gospel and the Christian Church as a whole.
I hate to admit to that..But I learned with him.
Q.: Do you own a Kindle or other e-reader? What’s your opinion on them?
What am I willing to change about myself to achieve my goals?
Many adolescents do not fare so well, dropping out of high school because their dyslexia or learning difficulty has not been identified. Even if it is recognised, the school is often unable to meet the students' needs for a more individualised program and for mentoring. Such students find language learning difficult, whether it is understanding and using spoken language or learning to read, write and spell.
Is she really, though? Sure, Lisa’s a weirdo (sorry to be blunt) and Lauren/Samantha (who are pretty interchangeable) are definitely portrayed a stereotypical chavs, but all Jasmine really seems to do is look down on them for not being quite as perfect as she is.
What do you hope readers take away from Karma and Reincarnation?
In the end I can’t completely put a finger on why I loved this Higgins book head and shoulders above others. It made me laugh, it made me cry, and I couldn’t put it down. Pick this one up for a fun weekend read. You won’t be disappointed.
Centeroo is Bonnaroo's village. It's where all of the stages and tents are, the ferris wheel, the majority of vendors - food, clothing and art. You're lucky (or paid for VIP) to have a campsite that's only a 10-15 minute walk to Centeroo, but then Centeroo itself can take 20 minutes to walk from one end to the other. So once you're in, you're there for several hours, if not the whole day (or night). It's wise to pack well.
I feel like I wasnt really ready for a mission before I left but that I'm really learning a lot here and that I will be a great missionary
The stick insects are known for their ponderously slow movements and superb camouflage. With their long bodies, antennae and colors, they do indeed resemble slender twigs. It can sometimes be difficult to tell a stick insect on a plant apart from the plant itself.
the woman on the phone, “I know CPR, but he’s too bloody, I don’t have a mask, I just can’t do it”
When I am nominated for sainthood, please vote for me.
Samhain 2011
Normally this wouldn't be a strange thing, but I was driving on a highway going about 65 mph, so, I couldn't believe the dove was able to stay on the windshield without being blown off. Maybe that's normal or not strange at all, but, at that moment, I felt a sense of calm come over me that I'd never experienced before. I decided from then on, whenever I would see a dove, that was my way of knowing that my dad was still with me in spirit, watching over me. Maybe it's silly, but I guess when we lose those closest to us, we do these things to make ourselves feel better or ease our pain a little.
Community facilities, no prob
Nutrition: My diet is pretty simple: I have green juice first thing in the morning, then a green smoothie mid-morning, a big ol' salad for lunch with an avocado and a sprinkle of a handfull of nuts, and a blended green soup for dinner. In the smoothie I add chia seeds and goji berries and a superfood powder called "super reds" that has everything from goji berries, acai, beet powder, blue berries and probiotics. In the blended soup it is half greens (and I am rotating my greens better!) and the other half tomato, carrot, celery, onion, lots of garlic, more chia, and VitaMineral Green. (The garlic and chia are for my cholesterol reduction program.)
Must go now, as I need to write a paragraph of two more for my current story before supper-time. What am I working on? What book have I got coming out? That's on my other blog, THE YEAR OF MOUSE.
Another place to start would be with Jesus. I think the church should be known as a place where Jesus is exalted and glorified and honored and obeyed. Yes, obeyed. You see the Bible says that Jesus is the head of the church. That means, in part, that he is in charge. He sets the standard. He makes the rules. He governs the church. He determines the church’s path and direction. (Colossians 1; 1 Corinthians 12)
This weekend, on a rainy Saturday morning, I'm thanking God over here.
Night of Champions, Buffalo, New York. Christian has talked to Teddy Long, and HHH. They are self-absorbed to do the right thing, so he will do the right thing. Christian has been in this business for 17 years, he has had matches that have been unheard of, and because of that, he deserves one more match for the World Heavyweight Title. Whoever wins the Randy Orton Vs Mark Henry match, he deserves to face the winner immediately.
“The new design, all lines pulled back, excesses eliminated and curves chiseled to perfection, synergises with a high performance powertrain to look dynamic,” as per the statement issued by the company.
This terrible continuing cry lasted for 20 or 30 minutes, gradually dying away, as one after another could no longer withstand the cold and exposure. Practically no one was drowned, as no water was found in the lungs of those later recovered. Everyone had on a life preserver.
Episode 21. We have reached the penultimate episode, the first part of the finale, the climax of this show.
I dreamt of a familiar looking woman cooing at her baby
Didn't you see that tidbit in my bio? Go ahead, ask me a question about guano! Any question!
Sent: Friday, February 11, 2011 12:54:58 PM
I could not find any questions for this book, nor a reader’s guide. Once again, I need to rely on my own memory to create some queries that hopefully will encourage people’s thoughts on the story. I think this novel had many things to contemplate and I am very surprised that nothing was made for book clubs. Please see my questions below to start the group discussion.
That is why our authentic selves can never be harmed. We are absolutely 100% safe when all our false images are allowed to disperse and our authentic selves can finally live in the light of day.
Let’s talk a bit about you Juan. What made you want to get into the industry in the first place?
What you haven't stopped to realize is that IF your query gets posted, you get to revise. Which means an ongoing email communication with me. Stepping over the line this early doesn't reassure me that you'll be someone I want to talk to on an ongoing basis. In other words, you've just given me a very potent reason to NEVER post your query.
For any of this to make good logical sense. I believe that all of these things shall be available at the age of 18. The age that the law of the land deems one an adult.
I don’t often shop retail; what I don’t find at thrift stores, I will come up with a way to make it myself. But, every once in a while I find something so fabulous that I must have it. Today I decided to treat myself to two new cushion covers (pillow covers, tomato – tomato, potato – potato, you know what I mean).
Daughter: “… and Lord, I pray that my little brother stops wiggling, because his bed is touching my bed, and when his bed wiggles and touches my bed, I can’t sleep.”
“Giraffes are above such things,” I suggested.
Bottom line piracy is bad and there should definitely be measures in place to protect copyrighted material, which is what the entertainment industry (i.e. Hollywood, media companies, etc) are hoping to achieve. But the devil is in the details. The end result is only as good as the path it took to get there. So I hope the lawmakers, politicians and legislators are able to zoom-out and take a look at the full picture before making a decision that could have a potentially crippling ripple effect on the internet as a whole.
My temps are just below 100 degrees, and my humidity is about 65%. I’ll let it go down to 55% before adding more water and try to keep it generally around 60%. Today is Day 19. I usually have my first pip then, but nothing yet. Maybe the power outage put us back a few hours. I have my fingers crossed that I will have some little chicks soon!
Stoute's comments about "polyethnicity" remind me of an article in the recent issue of Ebony about "choosing" to be recognized as Black vs biracial or vice versa. I am very much in support of people being proud and repping of EVERYTHING they are especially since historically society has pigeon held biracial people with the one drop rule. We also must remember while blood instantaneously determined someone's race simultaneously skin tone was being used as a way to create classism among African Americans. Although times have changed, deep rooted perceptions about race and skin tone still exist.
It is easy to do...
Yesterday, a number of stills from the season finale of ‘How I Met Your Mother’ were floating around the internet. These images sum up the entire finale along with leaving us with two everyone important, unaswered questions.
I like that they added that graph. Nice touch.
70s Saturday Night is now airing “Chickenman” – the most fantastic crime fighter the world has ever known! These are the shows that aired in the late 70s! One episode each week! “Chickenman” is available for download on Amazon.com and iTunes!
Have you noticed anything different about my blog? Well I have just made one change for now but there will be MORE to come...I have changed the name of my blog!!! SOON I will be setting up my blog to feature cards and items that will be for sale!!! I am also thinking of getting into selling digital stamps!!! Yipppeee!
For now, though I have to share my new found love of this little can:
Other Hiram alums include President James A. Garfield and poet Vachel Lindsay.
About the only time I wish she would hurry up and learn to read is when she asks me (for the 10th time in 20 minutes) what her computer says. Without trying to read it first.
The small crowd went silent and I quickly scanned the group looking for any indication of hostility. Thank goodness the man behind me returned to his sand seat but the small group waited for a reply. I slowly said in a low voice, “I’m from the US.”
 More and more job preferences (and other “affirmative action” opportunities as well) – especially cinchy, non-essential, non-mentally challenging, low-pressure, and high-paying civil-service and other government jobs.
NOT!!! Publishing an eBook, like a releasing a POD text, is like throwing a book out of a plane into the deepest reaches of the Amazon (pun intended) and hope people will travel there and then send you money after they find it. You guessed it. Not a penny comes your way. Unless…. You let people know exactly where the book is there and then convince them they should buy it, not an easy task but it is doable.
Sallmen M, Lindbohm ML, Anttila A, Kyyrönen P, Taskinen H, Nykyri E, Hemminki K. Time to pregnancy and maternal occupational exposure to solvents and lead. In: Book of Abstracts of The Golden Jubilee Symposium of the Finnish Institute of Occupational Health, From Research to Prevention, Managing Occupational and Environmental Health Hazards; 1995 Mar 20-23; Helsinki, Finland. Helsinki: FIOH 1995: 80.
This is Part 10 in a 32 part instalment thanks to an email I found when cleaning up my work emails.
a) Israel
We had the beer dinner coming up, so I alerted Tank. We wanted to try to incorporate as much different stuff as we could. For the pork, he thought it would be good and easy to incorporate bacon in one of the dishes. So he grabbed 10 pounds of bacon right away.
In a microwave safe bowl add chocolate and butter--microwave on high until melted and smooth. In a bowl add eggs--beat. Add white sugar--stir. Add melted chocolate--stir. Add flour, baking powder and salt--stir. Add chopped pecans and vanilla--stir. Pour batter into a greased 8 x 8 square baking pan. In a bowl add milk, coconut and brown sugar--stir. Spread the coconut mixture evenly over the batter. Bake at 350 degrees for 25-30 minutes--test with a toothpick for doneness.
288 10. “Modern Greece.” Contributions to the article in the Fifteenth Edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica. Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, October 30, 1997, p. 3. (Source: Item C-1974(2), above.) See Item C-2001(6), below, pp. 435-36.
People say where did God come from; well listen (READ) carefully this statement; it’s a clever play on words and reality actually:
SUPER easy!
I read a great article today over at the Prevail Training blog about Knife Fighting versus Knife Defense. I have capitalized those words because in the article a very good point about how this is treated in martial arts circles is made.
Once a favorite of elementary school children with tee shirts and sharpies, the idea of personalized gear has crossed over into the realm of weddings and other celebrations. Instead of a tee shirt, consider having guests sign a photo mat (then frame the mat with a photograph from the party), write their contact information in an address book, or compose messages inside a gift book or greeting card.
1. Okay, one of my earliest ambitions was to be an actor. There. I said it. I don’t know if this has influenced my lifelong love for movies or vice versa, but there’s probably some connection on some level. I did some amateur stuff when I was very young, and was told I had promise, but my teens came along and somehow it all got pushed off to the side. Maybe that was all for the best – I work in education now, and that pretty much involves putting on a one man show throughout the working day anyway!
Thirdly, I'm all about black and white damask patterns and I'm really happy they're finally mainstream enough that I can find the motif almost anywhere now (three years ago when I was super into black and white damask motifs, I really had to search high and low for them; now they're definitely on-trend and probably moving on to out-dated). Thing is, I'm not really sure I like the black and white damask motif on this style of sweater. I worry about it being too busy for little 'ol me.
First, only when you truly face the pain and enter into it can you experience deeply the healing power of hope in the promises of God. You can walk away from the pain, but you’re also walking away from experiencing the healing of Christ in your sadness. So don’t run from what God has ordained for your life as both the striking blow of despair and, in time, the healing balm of hope in the Resurrection, Jesus himself. Weep. Cry. Acknowledge the ache that won’t go away, the thoughts of sadness that make each day feel like a numbing blur. And when you do, cry out to God. Run to the One who knows agony and life afterward.
Awww the little girl is cute with her diamond hairband.
As clearly depicted in the graphics, under the tyranny of Mahathir Mohamad’s administration, the man controlled spending to keep the country’s annual deficit at about RM20 billion.
You have been battling bronchiolitis since Wednesday, and we are closely watching you to make sure it does not turn into RSV. You are on medicines and just feel pretty lousy. It breaks my heart! :( Hopefully soon you will return to your happy self! You have not been sleeping at night because you cough and cough all night long. Thankfully my mom came on Friday night so that I could sleep. Since I have been sitting with you all night, I had not slept in three days. I have also been very sick, so it was getting a little difficult! You and I took lots of naps this weekend, and I hope we are on the way to recovering!
It should not be viewed as a competitor “eating” up its rival but from the stand that it encourages healthy competition.
Encourage and supervise children to play outdoors in groups.
So for some reason, after being shushed in the car and telling my oldest brother not to “encourage me” to sing, I decided to try out for Varsity Choir at my High School. Yeah, I know you don’t have to be a licensed therapist to figure this one out. This choir class was a varsity choir class, so freshman were not typically in this class. You had to try out for it! “Trying out” meant I had to actually sing in front of the music teacher! Ouch! Not something I was comfortable with. See, I was the painfully shy kid in high school. I didn’t speak unless spoken to and I didn’t go out of my way to call attention to myself. Staying under the radar was my skill set. Varsity Choir was reserved for the Juniors and Seniors, I was just a Freshman, and this was a group I didn’t fit into. I, however, wanted in and I was going for it. To this day, I don’t know what gave me the courage, it was very unlike me. Looking back, it seems abundantly clear, whenever I rebelled against my mother I seemed to do whatever she said I shouldn’t do. Sometimes it worked, sometimes it didn’t. Clearly, I was just mad enough to summon the courage to “try out” for this class.
Only those who do no Only those peddling a false gospel with false doctrines based on the traditions of men are causing division. Bevere claims “They lack true New Testament government and accountability” (pg. 45). New Testament government? Like a dictatorship? After all, he’s not teaching about a kingdom based on 1 Corinthians 12. His attack on Christians continue,
The artist is the creator of beautiful things. To reveal art and conceal the artist is art’s aim. The critic is he who can translate into another manner or a new material his impression of beautiful things.
3May words which are like the wind be stopped? or what is troubling you to make answer to them?
FANTASTIC ...THAT TOO NO BAKE.....
For Molly's senior pictures the photographers put together a video of her photo shoot.....it was beautiful and when we got to see it, I cried. I won't subject you all to watching it, only because I don't know how to get it from my FB page to my blog. So go ahead....I can hear you sigh in relief. ;o)
A world painted with such variety could not possibly hold truths and lessons so boring as just black and white
The CoE was set up in 1949 - by the UK among others - is more of an inter-governmental co-operation organisation, kind of like a Europe-only UN, with a specific focus on civil rights by the European Convention on Human Rights, which the UK drafted, and a less obvious focus on pharmacology standards.
Yolk of the Day- A post/video of the most impressive play of the day will be
Many local residents are sick or gravely ill
In the past week alone, the intellectual lights at NRO have made claims that would, if their authors weren’t deadly serious and their audience not so genuinely in agreement, verge on laughable. Kathryn Jean Lopez, the voluble in-house defender of the “religious liberty” being trampled upon by President Obama, equates the morning-after pill with “abortion coverage for all” — never mind that said pill cannot terminate a pregnancy but only may prevent implantation a fertilized egg. (The “personhood” troops in Mississippi love Lopez.) In the same column, discussing Paul Ryan’s proposed budget, Lopez refers to the “left-wing Catholics opposing the Ryan plan,” conveniently turning the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops — which explicitly states that it “represent[s] all of the U.S. bishops on key issues at the national level” — into a bunch of socialists. Strangely, the ultra-religious Lopez exists quite happily alongside writers like Mark Steyn, who titles his latest column about the Secret Service prostitution scandal “Grope and Change” and writes:
We've been thinking about our future, the work we do, have done and if it's still going to be a viable course. We've made several bad judgement calls about the direction we wanted to go as far as income is concerned over the years. The last time we were at the point where we had to get a loan and a big place to continue with the very big jobs we had been getting is when the bottom fell out of our personal lives so we back pedaled. When we finally started again, we eschewed those very big jobs and also the very small, the logos and stripes and squares, and carved out a niche for ourselves...high end residential and smaller scale corporate art. High end residential was not the ultra-rich but the upper middle class, lower upper class. Unfortunately that niche does not currently exist and the other niches already have long standing relationships with other companies. Whether our niche returns as the economy improves remains to be seen. I've had two new (for me) designers contact me recently who are excited about our work so maybe my newsletter attempts at marketing are beginning to show some fruit, if not actual
By the way, it was quite interesting to imagine how I could paint her with so little information. This exercice is now my favorite part of my painting process.
Below are a few pics from last June that I took. Plenty of everything a sun lover could or would ever ask for. As I say, MUCH bigger than Durban beach, as you can plainly see in comparison to the last two pics of Durban beach which I pinched off the Internet....Now why would I want to ever go to Durban again?
This is much like stopping and smelling the rose. In fact, it is the same. This phrase for me applies directly to my little Space Man. There are times when he can be so frustrating, so difficult to deal with but it is at these times that I need to remember him and think, "What does he need?" Sometimes he just wants to be held or read to and sometimes he wants to stop and watch the fishes.
* Filters and Effects
Rossbell Singh is Fiji-Indian. Her strict upbringing highlighted the importance of discipline. She is keen to pass this on to her own son so, to establish a routine of studying, she employed a private tutor. When he started kindergarten.
You did not disappoint! Happy I finally got out to see you :) One of the best book to more adaptations I have seen yet. Let me just say... am I the only one who thought, "Whoa, you mean the Cornucopia wasn't a real Cornucopia?" I totally imagine like a metal/wicker one you would see during thanksgiving! haha The one they had obviously made a lot more sense....
MEMBERSHIP COORDINATOR
Prometheus, the titan who gave fire to human beings to advance our progress, and died for it.
I think, that if I just talked about "living in my RV", they would be uncomfortable, maybe....they are thinking I am homeless.
Monday is always welcome don't get me wrong, they used to be dreaded. But with Mark being gone Monday's will always be welcomed with open arms as it means another week has come and gone.
Some red card was embossed and wrapped with a black ribbon, and then the Nestabilities panels were stamped and decorated before being stuck down. The small panel and large red flower were raised on 3D pads, and the finishing touches are the Shapeabilities sponged butterfly and the red gems ( I hope this is OK with ColourQ ??? )
… and then I’ll stop, I promise. Perhaps you all remember the Sinaki study and that simple spinal extension exercise that was found to reduce fracture rates by 300%? Because the Hyperwear weights actually extend to the chest and upper back, and because the weights are so thin, you can wear it while doing your “Sinaki move,” meaning you can use your weight vest in a way that is beneficial to your spine. In my V-Max vest, the bulk of the weights make it impossible for me to lay on my stomach, and the lower position of the weights on the back mean that by the time I’ve lifted my chest off the floor, I’m not “lifting” any of the weights at all. They’re positioned too low. If I can wrestle my hubby into making another video, I’ll try to show you what I mean.
The problem is what’s not explained on page 69. These people in the lavishly appointed room are there to witness an interrogation. The Checquy is a secret government agency that polices (and is staffed by) the supernatural. Rook Myfanwy Thomas has amnesia. And she can control people with her mind. Plus, there’s hardly any snide humour.
To keep you on track; here’s a list of suggestions for photo opportunities for the month of May:
these children
I'll also say everyone is so concerned about the media and the size zero debate and promoting public health. What about the media and race/ethnicity? For the whole size zero thing, I say it's all those exercise advertisements and slim down tips that get me. I see those, and find myself planning an exercise regimen and a diet in a way those ads with photoshopped models don't. Really, what the models promote is more disatisfaction with other areas of my looks such as skin and hair. I've mentioned before on this blog that I used to do everything I could to straighten my curls away. Why? Because there was never anything for curly girls. It was all about the straight hair. And of course dolls, those things girls look to so much in their childhood, all had hair quite unlike mine, despite my mother's best efforts to secure me only black dolls.
“Claims to secure good fortune, contact the dead or heal through the laying on of hands are all services that will have to carry disclaimers.” lawyers other than Harbottle & Lewis, who offered quotes to Frances Gibb in the article, said today.
Stamps - Wow, I have never used so many stamps on one project! Working from back layer to front layer:
times. But 40 some years later, of all the ugliness of war, the hardest
Therefore without a moment’s hesitation determine to live together as heirs of heaven, and to be a helper to one other’s souls. To assist you in this holy pursuit I will give you these following directions, which if you will faithfully practice, may make you to be special blessings to each other.
In Shanghai, I’d the opportunity to taste many delicacies. The city is huge and Chinese culture is so old that I doubt I tasted even a third of them, particularly the more traditional ones. But, during my time there, a few simple examples of the ones I did try include: xiaolongbo (Shanghainese soup dumplings or steamed buns with pork), zhongi (glutanous rice wrapped in bamboo leaves), chòu dòufu (“Stinky” tofu) and chicken feet.
It’s important to point out that not only did we get our independence during the war but also that many Icelanders were very happy to break away from the Danes. Denmark had been our main source of cultural influence; many people studied there or lived for some period of time. As a part of Europe we knew and learned high culture but we never really found our place in it – with the exception of literature.
I would have to strongly disagree with Armendariz on comparing post-crucifixion results. For you see, the Roman legions often restructured civic management so that there was even more prosperity (e.g. Roman Egypt was extremely productive, as can be attested to by the “Valley of the Golden Mummies” that were the burials of regular merchants and farmers). The Romans brought in a quasi-meritocracy, in which a slave could eventually become free and wealthy (e.g., Gaius Julius Zoilus, the freed slave of Julius Caesar who founded the affluent and cultured city of Aphrodisias). The Romans helped unify their world via language and culture. Hell, they even allowed children to work on farms!!!
What the heck can you do though to manage stressful situations before they spiral out of control? Here are some ideas I’m going to try:
I don't typically go for the super cutesy girly patterns with frills and all kinds of fabric combinations, but the truth is, I can't really stick to one style either. And, I just had to make something with this butterfly print from Sandi Henderson's latest fabric collection, Meadow Sweet, I decided to try the Frida Modkid pattern by Patty Young for a nice summery play shirt.
Cool Gadgets Shopper – Which MP4 Player Do I Need?
“Throughout Proton’s almost 3 decades of operation, humans have called the shots,” Khamil continued. “And as the company enters a crucial chapter, where the stakes are higher and global competition is getting stiff, we cannot afford to risk human error. Inspira here will be able to make logical, objective and heartless decisions that would benefit the company and the cars it produces, free from emotions or political pressure,” said Khamil, as the new CEO scanned the faces of all the journalists in the conference hall, the supercomputer under the hood buzzing menacingly. “This is a car business, and it’s best to leave the hard decisions to those in the business.”
Oh, and for the record, even if you have a huge and slavish following as an author, shame on you if you play this "leave 'em hanging" game. Can't you keep your following without such gimmicks?
Postcards From a Dead Girl - His dead mother speaks to him from a 1967 bottle of wine and his dead girlfriend is sending him postcards from exotic locations. Yeaaaah.. he's losing it!
The Scripture teaches that children, marriage and singleness are gifts from God. To some, He gives the gift of marriage; to others, He gives the gift of singleness. Either way, we are to receive our marital status as a gift. This gift comes from a gracious God who loves us and gives us the very best gifts to any of His children who leave the choice with Him.
Welcome! This is not our normal posting day, so if you are looking for our current challenge, please CLICK HERE!
*This is not me trying to say there is nothing else to do, but rather that the start point is belief.
Mini bagels
but looking back over the rooftops of Monaco.
****UPDATE****
Just today, my wheel looks like an old friend I'd like to catch up with sometime soon.
I was scrolling through some old images of pieces I painted long ago and actually felt a desire to take it up again. For me, the pendulum swings between attempting a refined, traditional handpainted style or trying for a more primitive, stylized look. And sometimes I like to go for something altogether more contemporary (read: trendy), when taking on a handpainting project.
This is a digital scrapbooking page that I made using the My Memories Suite Digital Scrap Booking program. As you can tell, I am thankful for my sisters. Sisters are just so wonderful and I could not imagine my life without mine.
OKAY SPOILERS BELOW THIS IMAGE ABOUT THE DEATH IN THE MOVIE.
And here are the blurbs of two highly-respected weird fiction authors:
Born from the dark depths of what you can imagine as a futuristic, elevator shade, Thomas arrives in "the Glade" knowing only his name. Surround by boys of various ages this reader first thought he'd be instantly attacked. But no. The boys are not savage (think Golding's Lord of the Flies crew meets the order of Bachortz's Candor). Instead they have organized a nearly self-sufficient and orderly civilization in the Glade, a place they've lived (without memories and under control of the Creators) for two years. Fans of dystopian novels, action and survival books will enjoy The Maze Runner.
In some households keeping on top of the laundry can be a difficult, even a nigh-on impossible task but not when they own a Hoover OPH714DS-80 Washing Machine. We have a household that has four children and two adults, three cats and a dog. In a household with two or more children there are large amounts of clothes that have to be cleaned speedily in preparation for the next week’s use.
The plot ran smoothly and pulled the reader in from the very beginning. Ray finds himself dealing with a murder, secrets, and arrogance of a wealthy man who hired Ray to find important information that was stolen from him. The twists and turns throughout the book, never gives a hint on how the book will end.
Fairy, human or angel,
#2 - Demons Tormenting Me: Laurie Strode and Dr. Loomis reunite following the appearance of Michael Myers in the previous issue, and Loomis promises to stay in Haddonfield to protect her. In the days leading up to graduation, the shock of Halloween night proves too much for Laurie to deal with, and she seeks refuge in drugs and alcohol. Thankfully Loomis stays sharp though, as he and Nurse Marion begin to formulate a plan to save Laurie's life...or at the very least, delay the inevitable. The action and the tension start to ratchet up here, leading to what would inevitably be a fantastic finale.
Besides the sticker-shock at seeing people who I had unconsciously created mental images for materialize in the flesh, it was a great opportunity to find out what the grassroots on the otherside looks like. All sincerity it looks like sweet creativity.
Out of Control
The little elephant is one of my favorite stamps and comes from the Mighty Jungle set. If you like him as much as I do you will want to order it asap. The Mighty Jungle is retiring and when it is sold out, it's gone for good.
“Take heed child you will not need such an excuse here.” a warm voice called out to her.
I’m not going any further with plot or spoilers. The whole thing was a mystery anyway I’ll just end by saying: Totally didn’t see the killer coming. And, dang, that person was crazy!
The invention remedies this impediment by providing a new swim paddle that does not permit the swimmer to use extended finger pressure. In fact, the swimmer may fold the fingers around the leading edge of the paddle and grip it.
Sophie Griffin
I'm delighted about the rise of ebooks, as new ways to deliver our words to readers. But I don't find the need to call them something different from books. Just as a paperback book is a format, so is an ebook.
Another time as we walked to the railway station to catch a train for my granddaughter's swimming lesson, once again I heard a distinctive and loud 'Ark Ark Ark'. I asked my daughter-in-law what the Japanese word was for crow. Karasu, she said. She described a story, or fable, about the crow (it was maybe Aesop's fable about a greedy crow). She explained that in Japan, crows aren't seen as endearing birds. This is due I'm sure to their scavenging habits. I said that we don't have crows in New Zealand, but that seagulls were looked upon with some disparagement too because they scavenge. She said she remembered when travelling in Europe that she was so excited to see seagulls and thought them lovely, but the locals thought she was crazy for liking them.
Preheat the oven to 180 degress C. Line, grease and flour an 8 inch cake pan.
In the Wyeth moment above, there are deep complex emotions at play: the feeling of defiance, the sense that these people have made a hard choice and are going to make a statement to their tormentors that they are not afraid and they are not going to surrender (I know you can't really get all that from the illustration - you need to read the book to get the proper context).
15. Love Theme From Romeo And Juliet—Henry Mancini and His Orchestra
I pray that you find the humility to forgive others the unforgivable.
So thank goodness for the boy, who is basically a very good looking rock at the moment. He is my anchor and I honestly can't express how much I love him, although I do try by telling him I love him more than cake. I'm not sure he believes me.
Now, that’s a perfectly fine set-up, and writer Theodore Sturgeon deftly handles the emotional aspects of this entire story, but the narrative holes and contrivances are Swiss cheese-like. For instance, Chapel has “specially prepared” the Vulcan soup for Spock. What the f*ck does that mean? Doesn’t the Enterprise just automatically zap up food for people with a food replicator or synthesizer or something as long as they’ve got menu cards? Do they even have raw food around for Chapel to “specially prepare” the soup? Are we to believe that Spock, who’s the most highly thought-of First Officer in the fleet according to Kirk in this very episode, can’t get a bowl of purple soup when he wants one? But Chapel can somehow get her hand on the ingredients to whip up a batch?
6. Say: O you who are Jews, if you think that you are the favorites of Allah to the exclusion of other people, then invoke death If you are truthful.
I was His slut. The one He has been training me to be.
Come Sit by My Fire: Sweet Relyn, who is like sunshine on a cloudy day. Or like gentle, soft rain when you need to cool down and relax your mind.
I went to her blog and found these 7 general suggestions on things you can ask yourself when writing a scene.
Bayou Teche Beers are now available in much of Mississippi, and we look forward to meeting more of our supporters and beer fans there. Great things are happening in the Deep South when it comes to craft beer and I want to give ya’ll a big Merci Bien for helping us be a part of it.
But we all want to be victims. I'm a victim because I'm Black; because I'm Mexican; because I'm White; because I'm poor; because I'm rich; because I'm ugly; because I'm pretty; because I'm too smart to be understood; because I'm a dimwit...
“On May 20, 2012, a rare solar eclipse alignment will happen between the Earth, the Sun and Alcyone in the Pleiades Constellation. According to myth, the hunter Orion was in love with the SEVEN SISTERS and pursued them until the gods took them to safety, transforming them first into doves, and then into stars. Maia, the eldest of the seven sisters, gave birth to Hermes (Thoth).” “The Pleiades are a well-known sight in the Northern Hemisphere in winter and in the Southern Hemisphere in summer, and have been known since ancient times to cultures all around the world. The Hopi considerthemselves direct descendants of the Pleiades“ The Maya also consider the Pleiades very important and base their calendars on this star system and the planet Venus. “Eclipses mean changes and new beginnings. The only way to claim your beauty, your wealth, your health, and your love is to see it in others. For the world mirrors your own reflection. If you do not feel worthy and prosperous, you see that in your own reflection. Do not focus on depreciation: instead focus on appreciation. Allow what you have ownership of to gain value through you. You receive value when you see the value of others. You gain your beauty when you see the beauty of others. You gain wealth when you rejoice in the good fortune of others. Their good fortune means that your good fortune is right around the corner. Every minute of every day you too shall be blessed if you quietly bless others.”
Summer "City Girls" Collection
I love this time of year...when the weather is beautiful and we all remember why we live in AZ...we went to the lake today and BBQ'd. Holden and I sat by the water and read books while Maya swam and Doug got the coals ready to cook the food :) We thoroughly enjoyed spending time together as a family (it has been a while). We were joined by Grandma Nevie and Grandpa Dwayne, it was fun to be with them and listen to stories of "the old days." We missed Zoe, but look forward to seeing her soonish.
To the rhythm of my soul
The back cover is another postal order for a commemorative plate for the Queen’s jubilee this year. I reckon that this week’s supplement is more than worthy of four star status, and I heartily recommend it to anyone who enjoys cutting out and sending off for things in the post. Now where did I put those bastard scissors?
1/2 t. seasoned salt
Having a lead character with a unique personality doesn't negate the need for a defined supporting cast. Every character in the Hundred-Acre Wood has their own quirks. Owl is a "wise" know-it-all, Eeyore is apathetic and depressed, Piglet is nervous and scared, Roo is curious, Tigger is adventurous, Rabbit is a perfectionist, etc.
There is no way to measure the human trafficking problem in Hamilton. The pimps are mobile, work out of vehicles and off computers and smart phones. The girls move all over, too.
I hope you all have a wonderful week. It's going to take a couple days to adjust to the time change, but I love it when it stays lighter later at night. It starts to feel like summer:) That is a good thing.
Seven Minutes to static fire. It will be a two second run up to full power and then the engines will shut down.
Instead, my “aliveness” seems to have horrified them. I don’t know what to do. They gave me life. They did not physically abort me. I carry their genes. I carry more of them than I even know because they refuse to let me know. I would like to thank them. My parents expressed a desire to thank them once they were found. . . .
There may come a day when my sister, brother, and I will need to help take care of her. And we will know how, because we have seen it modeled correctly. However, many times I question whether any of us has the strength she has to take care of all that she does.
Women of the world, we are clearly missing a trick! If, like me it annoys the crap out of you when you are asked to carry other people stuff in your handbag, buy a bum bag! Or better still; buy your boyfriend/husband/man- friend a bumbag all of their own.
People do appreciate the need for this peace, but they’re making the mistake of defining it as absence of conflict. The mistake is a deadly one, since life itself entails conflict, and a dogmatic regimen of rejecting all conflict will eventually come to the point where it begins to reject life. … What point is there to life, if we’re only supposed to live it until there is conflict? There is none.
And that's when she hit something.
Knowledge and its Correct Use
Cllr Bambos Charalambous
1028 D-X/29/1988. “Democracy and Philosophy: On Yves R. Simon and Mortimer J. Adler.” Annual Symposium, American Maritain Association, The University of Notre Dame, Notre Dame, Indiana. (Incorporated in Item C–1989(7), above.)
1 important
Makes 20-30 fingers
The DVDs are higher audio and video quality.
Gosh,that was poetic.
Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. ~Napoleon Bonaparte
“Well, maybe you’d like to do the shopping next year.”
Today’s Question: Here’s a tough one for you Loren. Since 1954 only 4 amateurs have won a Tournament on the PGA Tour. Can you name all four?
A day in the life from my view in the production office...
The Open Graph initiative represents a very strong way to connect the social media experiences of your community, creating a vast interconnected web (really) of information, recommendations, and discovery that you can use to communicate with potential new community members. Try putting the Facebook Like button on your site and see what happens.
Jane Austen:
One of the primary reasons this recipe is so rich and fudgy is that it contains both carob powder (Dutch process cocoa in the original) as well as unsweetened carob chips. It's a pretty easy recipe, and the most time consuming part of it is waiting for the mixture to chill before freezing it in the ice cream maker. That always takes too long for my taste, so it's best to make it before going to bed, so you can chill your soon-to-be vegan frozen delight over night.
Hate having all those kitchen utensils take up valuable real estate in your kitchen drawers? Make your own utensil caddy. These can be crafted from a variety of items you probably have stuffed in a closet or cabinet somewhere. Aluminum cans with labels removed and painted can be used to accommodate a variety of kitchen items. Need something larger? How about painting and decorating an old coffee tin?
Hi, I have a pimp cane now and I've been rocking it for almost two weeks.
This time of year can cause us all a great deal of stress … presents to buy, people to please, and it feels like there’s never enough money or time to go around. A few years ago I started keeping a “gift file” where I keep pages ripped from catalogs and notes on things I’ve seen throughout the year that might make a thoughtful gift for one of my loved ones. I also shop at antique stores for things that will make unique gifts for those people who appreciate things like that. Recently, I also began keeping a “handmade gifts” file where I write down ideas for things I can make that will cost very little but will still fit the bill for Christmas gifts. Here are a few of my favorites that can be done last minute…
I will return.
Compared to deep-fried butter, this recipe is downright healthy. Compared to a salad, not so much. My inspiration for this recipe actually comes from Brazilian-style croquettes, which are normally made with beef. However, I wanted to use ingredients that Americans might enjoy. Could I do it? I'll let you decide.
It gave me a tight feeling to my skin.
There are, by the way, 108 steps between the pubs at the back of the train station and the top of the church near town, I should have taken my proper camera really, yet I didn’t, so the following are the result of the 5mp camera on my HTC Wildfire phone camera.
All of these are simple to put together! All you need is some white cardstock and a printer that can print in color. Check out the pictures and then download all the tags you need. Please be sure to share this with your friends! You can use this for more than just volunteers at school.
The Executive pack adds on ‘set your own price’, author copies significantly step up to 75 paperback and 25 hardback copies, a step up on the marketing materials and the press release outlets. We are now at $5999 bucks!
(The LNP is the major conservative party in my home State of Queensland. It has just won a landslide election -- JR)
My dog playfully removed the majority of the little bird's feathers. We thought she was going to die, so we put her in a box with a lamp to keep her warm.
*Maybe Corona is so popular because the import costs are secretly being paid by the Australian Citrus Council who sell more lemons and limes to stuff down Corona necks than fat chicks have had Macca’s or the devilishly private but subliminally effective lobby group called “Don’t Let Scurrvy Come Back”. If anyone actually knows why it is so popular, without big budget marketing campaigns (can you recall a Corona ad on telly or radio?), please let me know. Seriously, I want to know.
I'm without internet until probably next week, but I am visiting a relative so I snuck away for a minute to update y'all! We finally made it to our new home in the lovely Hill Country of Texas on Tuesday evening. It's been a little crazy and I won't bore you with the details, but we are here.
I put off writing this review thinking that I might come to realize that I enjoyed the book more than I did, after all, Malliet is a very well regarded writer. This was the first of her books that I had read and I expected to really enjoy it.
1) The people there, SPITS LIKE FUCK
For as in Adam all die, *
I would bet the higher rate of autism has to do with other things that make us stay skinny: like aspartame in everything, and how about the pink slime in McDonald’s Hamburgers? Then, there’s always high fructose corn syrup.
15.- Utilize appropriate occasions for teaching the children about Christ, through the day, each day.
C) Is no big deal.
Jackie: I envision it being a spacious, surrealist Western. Very lonesome, very bleak.
Me: (guiltily) "Yeah."
What terrible thing would happen if the orphan hunters got him? "Selling him to the textile mills" doesn't tell us why he doesn't want that.
What has this experience done for me? As I have recognized
Contemporary theology in the secular universities reflects the dominant world-view of humanist subjectivism, where every person’s god is as good as the other and every person’s truth is as valid as the other. Ironically, that very threat to Bible absolutes has driven some evangelicals to co-operate with any who stand for an objective Christian theology and has led them into a new rapprochement with Roman Catholics in the United States. The RC Church is, however, far from the monolithic body it once was and some of its academics, like Paul Knitter, are as close to universalism as the Hindus. Herbert Pollitt has amply documented the influence of this New Age thinking on the church (The Inter- Faith Movement, Banner of Truth, 1996). If the spirit of the age remains as strong an influence on the church as it has previously been then we can expect to hear a lot more of Creation Theology, well beyond sandal-wearing seminars at the Greenbelt Festival.
After the diagnosis, I decided to join a Fitness Challenge which had just started the week prior to my consultation. It was a ten week program dedicated to teaching each week about food & fitness. It was also a weekly weigh in and accountability with a little bonus involved. Everyone of the people who joined put in $35 into a pool of money. The top 3 people who lost the most would get a cut of the pot…
Statements like ‘BookForce shares an electronic warehouse with partners’ cuts little ice in reality. BookForce describe the company as ‘a global publishing service’ dealing with pre-production, printing and post production services of books. I would like to know specifically what BookForce actually do, and what they contract out to global forces through partnerships and what companies are behind these partnerships. For me, BookForce is a facilitator and provider of publishing services on a small scale in the publishing industry, be that printing books or virtually distributing them. While the company has a marketing sales force for distribution, its focus is primarily through online strategies and direct market selling as opposed to a sales force actively engaging, meeting and gaining shelf space within bookstores.
whiteness
You’re getting along fairly well, both physically and mental health-wise. You’ve been dealing with horrendous dental issues that have plagued you on and off since the morning of Christmas Eve when, while innocently brushing your teeth, you felt an unholy bitch of a pain which subsequently led to an extraction, three root canals, and a series of under-the-gum scrapings. Okay, that hasn’t been the best. But otherwise, you’re back to watching what you eat, exercising fairly regularly and feeling pretty good most of the time.
I am trying to keep up with Shai's activities...I don't seem to have any pictures of her volunteer work at the SPCA..will have to see if I can ahold of some...Shai is a leader and an organizer..she likes doing that stuff...she likes delegating duties...and she likes to keep records of an itinerary or duties or the purpose of what it is thats shes doing...I wonder what she will be when she gets out there in the world...what she will ultimately do...journalism?? teacher?? congresswoman?? PRESIDENT??
Thank you for the opportunity to post on your blog regarding a family project that coincidently I started on this exact day, five years ago in 2007. That year my wife and I had traveled from Maryland to Utah to spend time with three of our five grown children. I had procured tickets to General Conference that year and it was there at the Conference Center that I felt impressed to embark on a project that I first called “The Disciple”.
the bottom half of my right leg starting to go numb because of the way I am sitting
We got a call a couple weeks ago asking for a payment of $500 for services that had been provided in the name of Grapevine Art Glass. They played a recording for Tammy of her agreeing to a series of questions about the contract she had supposedly agreed to. She explained that the questions she answered were different than the questions they had paired up with her answers in the recording. She handed the phone to me and they explained that if we didn't pay they would be turning our account over to a collection agency. I asked the guy if times were so difficult that he couldn't find an honest way to make a living. He hung up on me.
The difference is generally in the clothes, the hair, the make-up. I take the train from Paris to the suburbs every morning and it's filled with smart, stylish Parisiens and Parisiennes - elegant, generally, in a very understated kind of way.
Judd's office and lab were on the corner of building twelve, the McMillan, and somehow the walls were standing, but the roof was blown off and presumably the second floor had fallen in. He didn't have a good feeling, but Xi was positive about a signal, so Judd climbed into a open window and started poking around in what he thought was his assigned rooms. His SomCom floated over to a pile of rubble and excitedly bobbed. “Here, and here.” It zipped over to another heap. “Here here.”
pure joy.
An overfamiliar embrace
On the way to pick them up, I kept telling Mr. Jenny, "I'm excited but I don't want to be excited. They are still going to look stupid and freaky. Stupid and freaky purple glasses with rhinestones. What was I thinking?"
And since he has nursed me back to health, and since I just enjoyed a fabulous Mexican vacation, I say "Bring on the Coconut(s)"
But I’ve run into two problems, both of which (I imagine) are temporary. The first one is me being uncomfortable with change. For anyone who’s been following this blog for any amount of time, you’ll know that I seem to be inconsistent. Or rather, in my own head I feel that I am. I absolutely hate change with a fiery, burning passion. I feel like I must be faintly autistic (and it would absolutely not surprise me to learn if I had Asperger’s), because from what I know of friends and family with autistic tendencies or diagnoses, change is a really hard thing for them to swallow. The older of my two brothers is one of these people, and he definitely is still having a difficult time with my impending transition. Like I’m not…
Ultimately, politics means just this: Vote for me.
I would just like to say that the standard was astonishingly high, and there really wasn't a single picture that didn't deserve a fabulous prize so WELL DONE to EVERYONE who entered, you should be incredibly proud of yourselves!!!
‘cause everybody knows
To summarize, private language is formed by public language in two ways. First, it precedes private language and provides its very source. The idiosyncrasies of private language result from the way individuals take and create specific paths through language. Secondly, after this private language comes into being, public language, through education and editing, reshapes private language to make it more conventional and understandable.
Hey Laura!
Ray O’Rourke is caught up in a planning row with his local council after being denied planning permission to demolish his own home.
The words that would be describe my style are ………………………………………. sometimes shabby, sometimes vintage, sometimes simple and sometimes funky....if that's possible!
There’s no way to avoid it, so I am not beating myself up over the occasional Twinkie in my misspent youth.
With MMM12 almost upon me, I noticed that I had better make some simple coordinates that could go with everything. I picked up a bunch of knits from Denver Fabrics on Weds, and I made this lavender top yesterday evening, and the black and white tops today. I have been using Simplicity 4076, which was given to me at some time by someone, can’t remember who. Apparently, it’s a popular pattern, judging by the multitude of reviews on PatternReview.com, which is a wonderful website.
The Church Commissioners today published their results for 2011, with performance slightly under-par, but still pretty good over the longer term. The bit that puzzled me most was this:
When the waters were up to his chin, a helicopter flew over, hovered, and a rope
Jackie: The new album is definitely more cohesive than the debut. Not that debut is all over the place, but it definitely exhibits our earliest ideas as a newly formed band. Now that we have been playing and writing with each other for a couple of years, we are starting to find our sweet spots. I also feel that “This Grand Show” is a bit darker and a bit doom-ier than the debut.
The whole place is lined with mirrors, so be careful where you 'let go of the day's tensions'. double check your target area, just in case.
Some people think it took so long for them to recognize Jesus, because they had not yet heard of his resurrection. The disciples of Jesus were in a place of sadness and loss. In sad times, it can be hard to see the good things that surround us. Perhaps, after walking with Jesus for a distance, sharing stories of his life and memories together and then sitting down for a meal; allowed the disciples to begin to see some good. In that moment of Jesus breaking bread all their senses communicated the good news that Jesus was with them. Their eyes saw him, their ears heard his voice, and their noses smelled the sweet fragrance of fresh bread. It is only when Jesus was at the table with them, blesses and breaks the bread, that they finally see him for who he is.
Action Line: Remodeler finds SmartMeter interference with circuit breakers
Of rejection I cannot stand,
With this slight distance I am feeling more rational than can happen at other times regarding the future. A clear indicator is a glimpse at my web browsing history. It is immediately obvious that I have not consulted Dr Google for a while. In fact, not since Dr W laughed at the wirple, back in early July.
Last week, I got my bramble bush of curly hair trimmed and straightened. As usual, my stylist was bracing himself against his salon station, wiping sweat from his brow, and rehydrating with Gatorade as necessary, as he attacked section by unwieldy section with his flat iron. Needless to say, it’s quite a lengthy process. While he was working, another stylist came over with her iPad and started showing us breathtaking pictures of her recent trip to Australia and New Zealand. And then she got to this series of pictures of her and three of her friends in front of the Sydney Opera House.
However, one dude's snarkiness didn't really have me cracking up--and that'd be, yes, wait for it--ASH. Now, before you go on thinking I'm all hypocritical since I do claim to be on his side by the picture on my sidebar, in the first book, up till halfway, I wasn't sure about him at all. The whole 'I'll kill you' dialogue really quite turned me off. Killers are not sexy. Seriously. And neither was Ash, even if he had that whole Edward-Cullen-esque-cold-to-the-touch-and-oh-so-fragrant-body-aura thing going on and looked like this:
the Colemans
Thanks so much to Erika over at 2bhoneybunch for giving me the Sunshine Award. I am have only been blogging for a short period of time and I am SUPER excited to get an award!
Joey is his new best buddy - they met the first day of school - and Creed mentions him everyday. So, then I asked Creed, "Who else besides Joey would you like to invite from your class?"
For our last dish (I was still jetlagged and not ready for a full on meal with dessert etc.), we had the Fried Sticky Rice with Preserved Sausage ($168HK / ~$21US). This though amazingly delicious - you can taste the individual grains of rice distinctly, and fragrance released by a nice hot wok (always one of the signs of the chef's skill), with rich but perfectly restrained flavors punctuated by bits of juicy preserved sausage. Our only complaint about this dish would be the price - it's mysteriously more than the one with truffle, and doesn't have a lot of seafood in it (beyond the shreds of dried scallop).
And so it went for the rest of the night. Mike berated Siri with juvenile and inappropriate questions, and I giggled until the wee hours of the morning.
I love you. You know I do. But I’m running off to Paris to see some old friends… Pierre Marcolini, Jean-Paul Hevin, Christian Constant…
04 Living in the City
At this point it is possible to be more specific about what a “formal property” is. I take formal properties to be mathematical properties, essentially. For what it’s worth, I even think that this may not be far from Plato’s actual theory, reflecting as it does the metaphysical influence of Pythagoras and Parmenides. To say that a thing has a formal property is to say that there is an aspect or part of that thing that can only be described in terms of mathematical or logical relationships that can be formalized without reference to the contingent physical properties of the thing. For example the property of circularity is a formal property. The set of circular things includes wooden things, clay things, bone things and metal things, but circularity is supervenient: its mathematical description is about the spatial relationship between one of its parts and another and this formalizable (mathematical) relationship does not “reduce” to any contingent properties of wood cells or clay particles etc. That is, “formal properties” are properties that can be formalized. All formal properties are supervenient on matter: there is no physical criterion that fixes the extension of the set of physical things that instantiate the property.
First – though I’ve considered myself a writing Ninja for many a month, ever since I first heard about NiNoWriMo, I have finally taken the plunge, joined the Writer’s Dojo, and done the placement workout to find my ninja rank. As you can see, I’ve got the blue belt, with one red stripe, and I think I’ll be there for a while, because to get to green belt I need to go through the blue belt with two red stripes, and that one is unexpectedly hardcore! (Pitch to an agent or editor in person, or get an agent contract.)
When I woke up, Don had subscribed to the blog and followed me on Twitter. And, he agreed to help me win the contest. He got some of his famous friends – including Taylor Dayne (Twitter handle @taylor_dayne) and Beverly Johnson (Twitter handle @BeverlyJohnson1) – to tweet about the contest. Not only did that help secure some entries, but it was super fun to have famous folk tweet about my little old contest.
With that I did my duty and braved Target and Old Navy for gifts for my child who assembled a wonderfully moderate list for Santa aka "me" to obtain. My twin sister Donna is in town, so Auntie Santa brought a few things to augment the offerings of Mama Santa.
My first step was doing a wash over the entire jute area in the color I selected as my base. I took some ASCP in Olive and added a dash of Antibes just for fun, and watered it down so that it would almost pour off my brush and into the cracks of the super textured jute, rather than "glob" on, like with typical paint viscosity. (A huge thanks to Dana at Shabby Chic Addiction for brainstorming this out with me and suggesting I use a wash when I said I was going to use a roller. That would have been a nightmare with jute. Dana, you rock!) You can see by the picture below that I wasn't worried about it being too perfect. I knew the Marakesh stencil I selected would only reveal a small amount of the olive, so I didn't bother with two coats.
Taming and Sharing Time
Level 13: Mastery: +36%, Accuracy: +78.
I have long wondered what pickled eggs taste like, but never had the courage to try one. They only really appear in old man’s pubs and the hygiene standards of such establishments are often an indication that eating anything is playing Russian roulette with your health. I saw these and knew I had to try a pickled egg once in my life. I like eggs. Fried, boiled, scrambled. Very nice. I like dipping soldiers (toasted bread cut into strips) into a soft boiled egg. I’m usually not one for pickles though. I can handle red cabbage, branston pickle & sauerkraut but onions, beetroot and gherkins, nooo thank you.
These two films street on April 10 and hopefully more will be released before the eventual demise of the DVD format (get those disks while you can, collectors!). Actually, I just checked and there's a third title (more info here). With all the garbage coming out of Hollywood these days, a nice Roman Porno could be an exciting change of pace. If you've never seen one, now's your chance!
Here, in no particular order, are the most awesome Dickian things to happen in 2011 (and some things to look forward to in 2012. I know it's not organized that well... not my problem):
Mehthods of restraint can be severe. One example is that trafficked women are confined to dens while being monitored by pimps. They are kept in crowded rooms and deprived of proper food and clothing, made to do chores and beaten if they do not comply. They are kept as such until they receive a buyer. Once sold the buyer marries the woman to legalise her enslavement. The buyer then either sells her on, makes her work in a brothel or as a labourer in the fields and the house.
It was one of those rare “flying pig” moments. I was reading a book and beginning to feel a bit sleepy — it was late in the evening — and my wife, sitting in another corner of the living-room had the TV tuned to the late news on Danish Broadcasting Company (DR).
Boots - Aldo
And I have run with my dog. Who loves to run, and waits at the door whenever I go out. Whines at the door while I am out on my long runs. And gets a few laps when I get back.
Yes I experienced some communication problems, and some inconvenience, but let's not forget the outcome at the end was pretty reasonable. I received the black and white dress (there hadn't been any problems with this in the first place), and although I didn't receive my green chiffon dress as they had indicated but the yellow version - at least they gave me a refund as well as allowing me to keep the dress so I avoided shipping charges to send this back to them, as well.
As a woman, Maas was often assigned work on flapper comedies and light dramas. Her first big success, The Plastic Age (1925), was a smash hit for Clara Bow, the “It girl.” Maas' screenwriting and story efforts – sometimes credited, sometimes not – include other Bow films like Dance Madness (1926), Hula (1927), and Red Hair (1928), two films featuring her friend Norma Shearer, His Secretary (1925) and The Waning Sex (1926), the Garbo movie Flesh and the Devil (1926), and the now lost Brooks film Rolled Stockings (1927).
And no, you don’t get any reward for it. Not even XP.
In today's global village, national coffers are more interconnected than ever before. And as the current economic crisis has proven, a downturn in one country can travel in a wave across the globe, like a financial tsunami. Now, researchers from Tel Aviv University, in collaboration with the Kiel Institute of World Economy in Germany, have developed a market "seismograph" — a new methodology that measures the interconnections between stock markets across the globe. It has the potential to serve as an early warning system and provide measures to manage and mitigate the spread of financial crisis.
But then, I come from a family who brought me up to think of others, to help people who needed help. My grandparents did supported lodgings for all kinds of people, I'm not sure exactly who they were, or where they were from, but mostly there was a string of men they supported, drinkers, addicts mostly I think. It was just normal for me growing up, something I never questioned.
Madeline Mora-Summonte at The Shellshank Redemption is having a Motivational Month of April during the A to Z Challenge. Be sure to stop by. As I write this she's almost at 100 followers--maybe we can break through that number today.
In addition to playing those games, I am running a Conan Barbarians of Lemuria play by post game, that will probably wrap up in the next month or so because of lack of posting, and players dropping away. I also run my Darves Hill Labyrinth Lord game at GASP, that is coming up this Saturday (so I need to do a little prep work for that).
I think I was doing ok with the struggles this time around until Dougal and Glenna were sent to America. I suppose it just didn't seem hopeless until then. At least they still had each other. I wasn't really a fan of the struggles they were still enduring by the end of the book though. I guess I thought they had been through enough and just wanted to read about more of their happiness together.
The Plot: Wow. This is hard. It's about the Bluth family, a wonderfully dysfunctional, functional family. The father (and head of the family company) was just arrested and is in prison, good son Michael is trying to keep the family, the business, and the finances together. It's a bit hard because his family is out of control. And they are so over the top that words fail me.
Can you imagine the eclectic mix of the worlds rich and famous
If you blog about beer, and if you read this blog, it's because you're interested in this evaluative process, to a greater or lesser degree. You can now have yourself certified [insert joke here] as Possessor Of Beer Knowledge by The Beer Academy, who are running a series of "How To Be A Beer Judge" courses all over our beer-soaked isle. You can have a look at the schedule here. I'm particularly pleased to see that the Leeds course appears to be nearly full, which means that by the time the European Beer Bloggers Conference hits town in May there will be a sector of the local populace, distinguished no doubt by gowns and mortarboards, who are able to talk about why a beer is either awesome or bogus with reference to appropriate evaluative language. You never know, it might bring you a step closer to that hallowed gig of paid writer.
We went in to the ring in Level 1B and kicked butt, taking a perfect score and the fastest time for first place in the class.
The ribbon is from stash and the sentiment is craftwork cards.
A teaser site for the game launched last week with a couple of grainy images and a lot of secrecy but it looks as if Activision’s big reveal has been revealed by a number of pre-order cards that have cropped up in the US.
You had that effect on Nancy and Melissa,
Lovely. Hopefully he isn’t toxic. With how thin the walls are he could get me in my sleep.
The London Evening Standard’s front page lead about the poor levels of literacy and numeracy among many of the employees at the new Westfield Shopping Centre in Stratford City last September, confirms this point.
When I was a kid, Thanksgiving night was usually spent on the road driving upstate to our house in the Catskills.
The one who calls the living room "little Havana" and is OK with that. The one who smiles through my fabulous idea of a photo shoot in a wedding dress and tux- at the beach- to celebrate our 15 year anniversary. Baby, I love you.....
What about the debt we owe our ex-colonial peoples? Pakistan and Bangladesh, at least, were both part of British India.
Oscar's daddy told me that while we were away he took Oscar to Halford's to get a pair of wiper blades. Oscar led the way and told his daddy that he'd find the man to ask. Apparently he went running off and found "the man" . "Excuse me," he said, "have you got a pair of errrm......." ".......curtains?" well, wiper blades are pretty difficult words to remember at three!
“In first half of 2009 we released around about £100m from our prior year reserves. This year we are releasing around £30m. Lastly, the weather in the first six months of the year has also slightly impacted the results.”
3. We're A Couple Of Misfits by Billie Richards & Paul Soles
I had to really adjust the contrast on this so the heart would show since it's pretty subtle. It's nice to throw on over a spring jacket to add some extra warmth and ear protection.
At the time of result, I obtained dismally low marks and the news spread. But truth be told, I was surprised not at my low scores but at the fact that I managed to obtain any marks at all!
I like the differences in texture in the third image. In the same area as William Pyre’s ‘Offspring’ water feature, it heightens the sense that the texture is very important. the unpolished part is very rough, but the darker polished part is silky to touch. The natural colour of the stone exaggerates the difference and the curves from rough to polished is similarly interesting.
23. Vicolo A Sera (01:09)
Sketchbook plans:
Prentice pleaded guilty, after being charged for theft of the cheese valued at EC$5.15.
The above is for calculation purposes only, you can, of course, set the retail price to your liking as long as print costs are covered.”
And just a quick shout-out to our good mate and long time Ale Star, Kelv, who is heading off to conquer Perth and drink a lot more of the WA Craft Beer a lot fresher. A top bloke and a loyal mate and true friend of Craft Beer. His last regular Ale Star event was last night's and I'd like to take the opportunity to wish him all the best and to thank him for his company on the journey so far. Cheers and Good Luck mate.
In reflecting on the purpose of marriage, Cardinal Bernard Griffin also quoted that version of Canon Law (1917) which was currently in use. On marriage, the Code of Canon Law then taught: “The primary purpose of marriage is the procreation and education of children; the secondary end, mutual support and the relief of concupiscence.” Since the liberalisation of sexuality and the promotion of contraception, though, it seems that even the Church’s understanding of the purpose of marriage has been somewhat distorted. Here is how the current Code of Canon Law (1983) defines marriage: “The matrimonial covenant, by which a man and a woman establish between themselves a partnership of the whole of life and which is ordered by its nature to the good of the spouses and the procreation and education of offspring, has been raised by Christ the Lord to the dignity of a sacrament between the baptised.” As we can see, the procreation and education of children now seems to have taken second place to “the good of the spouses.”
Pump it Up by Mudhoney
Artist: Marcus To
studies show that consistent consumption of chocolate milk after sustained exercise dramatically lower the levels of creatine kinase (an indicator of muscle damage). This is largely due to the ample amount of protein found in chocolate milk, which helps repair damaged muscle and build new, lean muscle, Chocolate milk is also loaded with Calcium, Potassium and Magnesium plus chocolate milk tastes infinitely better than most other recovery sports drinks.
My father was an incredibly hard-working man. For most of my life he was a police officer. He started as a patrolman and retired as the chief.
The final part, Part 3 of the subbing…….. Geun~!! Finito~!! Owarimasu~!!! ^^v
The tendential fall in the rate of profit is described curiously by Stiegler as something Marx posits in a particular way, but that Marxists, and ‘probably Marx’ did not understand it this way; that is: capitalism as ‘a dynamic system threatened by a limit that would be reached if the bearish tendency to which the very functioning of the profit rate gives rise were to achieve completion’.[vi] I am particularly interested in this bear. An animal that Marx does not reason with, according to Stiegler, even if this strange beast does not invalidate Marx’s identification of the tendency.
If you haven't ordered a copy yet you can buy one here NOW. If you order it soon it should get here in time for Mother's Day-- which would be the PERFECT gift. Tell your husbands ;)
Hmmm, that was interesting. I pondered the thought of having godly abilities and whose child I would want to be, maybe Artemis –if she weren’t the virgin huntress. Or Athena, she was pretty cool and I thought that Ares would have been hot, I definitely wouldn’t want him to be my dad!
A new tutorial and challenge on Shabby Chic design was added to StampNation this week. There are now 182 video tutorial on StampNation, WOW!! You should head over and check us out. The ladies there sure are a hoot!
The Fancy Farm girl and that she is!, you MUST google her chicken COOP! WOW..
In love and light,
Maybe they should pay him a royalty.
While lurking, and taking a brief hiatus from writing at CRN.info, I read this in the comments thread of another post: “This place is supposed to be the “Christian” blog…er…right?” Well, I can say: “Yes! It is.” We don’t always agree (sometimes we don’t really even like each other very much); we certainly do not all share the same ideas about theology or politics!, but at the end of the day, we still have enough nerve to love each other, correct each other, demonstrate grace to each other, and help one another carry the burdens of this life. This is why I cannot, even though I said I would, stay away for a week. Not only is writing my passion, but I love those I write with here and those who read. This place, as a microcosm of the church, is where I meet grace daily–no matter how badly a post is written or how many people take umbrage with it. Grace. Ahh…how did Annie Dillard write it? “One catches grace as a man fills a cup under a waterfall.”
I guess if you can't remember it, it doesn't get added to the list. Oh well, I suppose there's always next weekend to find a new needle for that broken compass of mine.
2010.08.18 Pal. Auth. Gaza 1 0 A 62-year-old woman is murdered outside her own home by Islamic fundamentalists.
pular plate proteico and private room comes for Saturdays. In the bay region it should be proven the absolutely “siri casquinha”, a lightly spicy cream, served as antipasto, has like base delicious pulp of a small called crab “siri”. But the most traditional and good plate in the kitchen bahiana is the “peixe moqueca”. kind of a soup of white fish, dry shrimps, vegetables, coconut milk and dendé oil, a typical palm of the area. It is served as accompaniment to a fish plate to the parilla. The Brazilian dinner begins and it often finishes with a glass “caipirinha”, cocktail to base gave cachaca (distilled of cane of sugar), lemon and sugar.
Women worked in different occupations to the men except in a few cases where they broke through that is known today as the ‘concrete ceiling’ in that women shared the same occupations and did the same work as their male counterparts, such as ‘Mountain Watch’ (Presey Beck 44 years) and ‘Driver of small gang (Maryann Arnote 55 years). But the majority of women 59/117 or 53% worked in the Cane field. Nine women worked in the nursing and caring community of practice such as the three midwives, Dinah (50 years), Frankly Cilisby (50 years), and Patience (35 years) (See footnote for further information about Patience). These women were all categorised as ‘African-Caribbean’ and supported the plantations breeding programme. The nursing practitioners also included Field Nurse (Betsey Matthews), Sick Nurse (Abba, 55 years), Kate Connor (45 years), Nurse for the Young (Zabell Beneba 50 years), Caring for children (Eve Jefferson) and Attending Young (Jenny Stewart, 28 years).
Whole Food Meal Plans - Whole Food Meal Plans is an extension of our blog Natural Health at Home. For over a decade we have studied natural health, nutrition and holistic living. After many requests from friends and family for recipes and ideas to incorporate more natural living practices into everyday life, we started the blog to share what we know. Whole Food Meal Plans was born out of that inspiration and the desire to help families eat a healthy dinner, simply. The meal plans are based on years of whole food nutrition study integrated with the timeless wisdom of the traditional food movement. Although the plans are inspired by traditional foods, we consider them to be "Traditional Foods Lite" -- focusing on real, unprocessed foods that are easy to make and that can fit into a busy life. Plus, we think lingering at the table with your family is just as important as making food from scratch -- so we wanted to help people do that without spending too much time in the kitchen.
So here’s a song I’ve used for years now. The title is Take Us to the River, and it is by Robin Mark. I never heard Mark’s version (until now), looking at the lead sheet, I always heard it more like something off of Bruce Springsteen’s album Born to Run. Give it a listen and I encourage you to add it to your church’s catalog of music.
Pleasantly plump Tracy Turnblad (Nicole Blonsky) with a good voice and great moves is obsessed with the Corny Collins Show. every day after school, she and her best friend Penny runs home to drool over hot Link Larkins, much to their mothers’ dismay. one day, a dancer on the show has to leave for nine months (like duh), and auditions are held to find a replacement. with help, tracy makes it on the show, pissing off Miss Hairspray Amber von Tussle and her mother, Velma, who is also manager of the show. Tracy decides it is not fair that Negro Day (the only day where black people are allowed to dance on the show) is only held once a month, and with help from others, she’s protesting to integrate the show.
Settlements: Winners
Okay, so that’s the real reason Mr. Big is terrible for Carrie. I am a firm believer that people do not change. And before you begin to tell me about your friend’s brother’s roommate’s uncle who was once a terrible, cheating bastard who sucked the people in his life dry, found some version of God and is now the best person ever, works at a soup kitchen in his free time, is the best husband ever, best father ever and is a whole different person you wouldn’t even recognize him … just stop. I believe that these stories, for the most part, are myths. These are the stories that we tell one another so that we give people a second chance.
Why will no one answer her questions?
Current Winery: Corvalle
Not sure
Starting with books that a parent can share with pre-schoolers, reading to them, or for early readers, there’s a new addition to the popular “Chester Raccoon” series. A Color Game for Chester Raccoon by Audrey Penn, illustrated by Barbara L. Gibson ($7.95, Tanglewood) it is made to survive the often rough handling the very young give a book. Its great artwork and text provides an introduction to different colors. The Animal Masquerade by Marianne Dubuc ($16.95, Kids Can Press) is a fanciful tale of animals that disguise themselves as other creatures, providing an introduction to different creatures in a very entertaining way. A very amusing story is told in The Klampie Mystery by Luis Rodriguez ($14.95, Mascot Books) about Samantha who gets a life-sized stuffed Koala toy whose arms clamp onto anything. When her family takes a trip to Australia, she takes the toy named Klamie along and there the fun begins when a real koala replaces it. A growing concern among parents is the way video games and electronic devices not only keep kids indoors, but ill-serve the development of their imagination, a key factor in creativity. That’s why I liked One Day I Went Rambling by Kelly Bennett, illustrated by Terri Murphy ($17.95, Bright Sky Press) for those ages 5-8. It is about a boy who finds all kinds of things while playing outside and how his imagination converts them into things like a pirate’s magic ring. This is a great book for the very young. Kids are naturally fascinated by all living creatures and that can include insects. Bug Off! Creepy, Crawly Poems by Jane Yolen, illustrated by some great photos by Jason Stemple ($16.95, WordSong, an imprint of Boyds Mills Press, Honesdale, PA) is an excellent introduction to bees, butterflies, ants, spiders and other common insects.
I used one coat of OPI Greenwich Village and two coats of Bellsprout (CA #803) on my middle and pinky.
1 meanings
games of chance
Not a single Senator voted against this amendment, which was voted on soon before the entirety of S.1867 was passed, despite the hollow threats of a veto from the Obama White House.
4. approx.10-20% your own content – writing quotations, tips and how-to about the craft of writing you find in books, articles or other resources. Include recommendations by your teachers, editors, mentors, and anything that’s about you and your writing/publishing adventure.
Before eyes not blinded by a mainstream media controlled by the corporate fascist elite, Orwell’s 1984 nightmare continues to unfold as the powers and reach of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) are once again extended and codified.
So the familiar story unravelled Henderson and Kuyt hit the woodwork, Suarez went close twice as did Carroll, Spearing had a shot cleared off the line. Henderson’s effort provided good evidence to those who think we are unfortunate. His shot hit the underside of the cross bar and rebounded on to Foster’s back and away to safety. Compare this to the Sunderland game earlier in the year when a similar effort rebounded off the woodwork onto to Jose Reina, back on the post and into the path of a striker for a goal!
There is a danger in being too wedded to your idea, a character, or a line in a poem. At times for the work to develop, to reach some kind of conclusion, you have to be ruthless and take it out. I once struggled with a poem, this was when I was a student, in the early 1980’s, and essentially the conceit was comparing Noah building his ark to the installation of cruise missiles into the UK. Not the best idea I have ever come up with, but it had legs. The trouble was I had this middle section that I was in love with that just didn’t fit, but I was just too enamoured with the whole thing to see that. I could have had two poems, but in the end I did not have one. I soldiered on with this hybrid, off and on, for about six months. In the end I put it away, puzzled why it would not work. Years later I looked at it again and realised what the trouble was, but the moment has gone, the Soviet Union had collapsed and the missiles had gone.
I guess today passes for being relatively normal but certainly slower paced than so many years of my life. There continues to be so much to think about. I didn't even mention what's happening, or not happening, in D.C. where we still don't have a budget. More than a few other critical items are pending there. Perhaps tomorrow some issues will move closer to resolution, or not.
"Daughter, I did not come to give you a full life. I came to give you life to the full."
That's what I want my readers to do. When I have readers fighting among themselves on whether Dylan Chroz or Xander would win the bout on Jeopardy! (which is silly because Dylan would win unless Dante da Silva was playing, what with his 700+ years of experience to draw on). I want people to yell at the book, "Watch out!" or "You bastard!" or "You just made a real mistake, pal."
Thoughts do run in my mind even now (duh!) but there is no one to banter or discuss or argue with, unlike while at work with colleagues around.
Stay tuned for some reviews and thoughts on our aero road bike offerings from Cervelo and Specialized. In the meantime, next time in you’re in the shop, take a look at Cervelo’s S series bikes or the Specialized Venge–you might be looking at your next bike.
I saw this coming from the start.
I went in this morning around 7 and Randy was there to meet me which was really nice and comforting as well. The nurse called me back and hooked me up to an IV, I met the anesthesiologist and Dr. Matchett again, and told me they were going to put me out so I should say bye. I just remember talking to my mom about my first grade class at Royerton and the cute cards they made me. He said, “You should start feeling very sleeping in 30 seconds or so.” That’s all I remember. I was out!
We used random.org to pick the winner of the fairy stamp set from The Greeting Farm which kindly has been sponsored by Simon Says Stamp.
In the first, the independence and autonomy of the individual rule absolute and the weak elderly take an ‘honorable exit’ so as not to burden the young and virile.
This is an anonymous love letter just to say
What the heck, Bug is at her Nana's this morning, the house is quiet, and I'm enjoying coffee. That sounds like the perfect time to join Friday Follow and find some new blogs!
Child Sexual Abuse Prevention Classes for Parents
Cliff started recording as a child in the early 1960s with producer Leslie Kong. In the late 1960s, he moved to Britain where he enjoyed considerable success with the song 'Wonderful World, Beautiful People'. He became a massive star after starring in 'The Harder They Come', the 1972 low-budget movie based on the exploits of Ivanhoe 'Ryghin' Martin, a gunman who terrorized sections of west Kingston in 1948. The film's soundtrack contains songs that are Cliff standards, including the title track, 'Sitting In Limbo' and 'You Can Get It If You Really Want'.
1/4 C of butter
"No," I sobbed back. "I'm crying because Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't know who I am!"
I can't stand wasps. I have never liked Agatha Christie. I was therefore probably not going to immediately warm to this episode. Gareth Roberts was either going to be onto a total winner or complete failure....
I first read a book by C.S. Lewis 25 years ago, and I have been reading his work consistently since then. I know his voice quite well, as well as I know anyone’s; it is utterly distinctive. And the most dominant feeling I get when I read his early letters – that is, those written in the first 30 years of his life – is that in none of them does he sound like himself. That pre-conversion Lewis is, though obviously highly intelligent, neither a particularly likable nor a particularly interesting person – at least in his letters. He may have been delightful to know, but I doubt it. But once he “admitted that God was God,” it is as though the key to his own hidden and locked-away personality was given to him. What appears almost immediately is a kind of gusto (sheer, bold enthusiasm for what he loves) that is characteristic of him ever after.(131)
3 attempts
MTV VJ, VegSocUK
1. Appalling customer service. I was shuttled back between the front desk and the customer service desk, not told where the changing rooms or equipment was, asked for my mobile number three times (“I don’t have a local mobile”), and made to wait for 10 minutes whilst they registered my limited information for a day guest pass. I’d made reasonably clear that I wasn’t going to join and just wanted a transactional relationship with them – give me a pass, damnit! Eventually got in, having eaten into a short window of time I had for the workout.
The first of these councils, the famous Nicea Council, denounced Arianism, a teaching that Christ was a created being. The three councils that followed took up other aspects of the relationship between Christ’s divinity and humanity.
Instead of learning how to play all the popular songs out there, I decided it would be best to write hit songs, become a singer myself, and have others learn my songs. I’m not yet where I’m going, but I’m getting closer every day;-)
My stomach is still sore today.
My wife shared it. I shared it. I encouraged others to share it. I took a copy of the photo to a music discussion site and shared it there, which got a very lively “national debate” going with all but one or two people showing wonderful support and understanding for Lester. Check out Lester’s Facebook timeline and you’ll see tons of support for him there too, although comments on the photo itself are a bit mixed with a large majority still seeming to support Lester’s campaign. And I can tell you that his phone at his home is ringing off the hook, people all over the country are wanting to set up times to work on documentaries, etc.
Kathleen Peacock's thrilling novel is the first in the Hemlock trilogy, a spell-binding urban fantasy series filled with provocative questions about prejudice, trust, lies, and love.
Within the fire, because they hope to come,
A graduate of the University of Michigan, Van Hoek received her law degree from Wayne State University Law School in 1976. She has worked at SADO since that time, and served as its Chief Deputy Director
Freddie’s mom is so evil…
Of my life, it will not change
*we shopped at the local boutiques
Apparently there were approximately 500 of us at the protest. 25 new members joined and they took as much in DVD fees as they normally do in a month. Lots of people read poems, including my friend Linda Newbery who is a new Oxfordshire resident. She read one about libraries written by schoolchildren in a workshop she had run.
Santa- "Toosha"
10. Montage du Filet
Nevertheless, it seems to me that for the last 50 years, the American Jewish community, particularly through its organized expression, has been drawing down its credit through massive entries on the debit side, just as American blacks have since the 60s. I no longer care how many Jewish doctors save lives, Jewish scientists discover new particles and Jewish violinists provide transporting experiences, when Jews are at the spearhead of every corrosive movement turning the United States into a slipshod third world Babel of the equally ignorant yahoos brimming with self-esteem but disdaining whitey, his Constitution and his Shakespeare.
seeing clearly sometimes shows my sin,
And I wanted to see her. Oh how I wanted to see her. And hold her and tell her the sorts of things that every big sister should say. That everything will be okay. Because of course we will take your baby, my sweet sweet sister.
“The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit, that we are the children of God: and if children, then heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ.”
Its just enough to feel your breath on mine
5. Bake the biscuits 12-15 mins, or until golden brown. Serve hot.
sidebar:
I should’ve taken a photo of their business card. It’s really cool. It’s rounded and gold with purple letters. I will take a picture of it someday. (I’ve seen the most creative business cards in Jakarta.)
This is so easy to make and I think it's so adorable that I want to make one for everything. Have a few more looks:
Two weeks after moving into our new home, I was
but I don't care if I ever make a CENT touching the lives of teens.
The music industry was the first to be existentially disrupted by the web and therefore it has had the most time to re-group. It was also the first media industry to get spanked by Apple so I guess they figured they couldn’t afford more friends like these so they better sort themselves out.
necklace — thrifted
5. The conclusion of the book – this part is unique to this book. I liked the way the author has concluded the book with the definition of Jaya and Vijaya.
20. Going to the movies.
If you've been hanging with me for the few weeks I've been up and running, you know that I have a special affection for the ladies that make up the The Indelibles. Several have been kind enough to forward me their books for review and I've won a couple more in giveaways. So far, I've reviewed 3 books that are linked to 3 of the short stories listed above, on my blog - BOUND by C.K. Bryant, RUNNING WIDE OPEN by Lisa Nowak and BECOME by Ali Cross. Reading those 3 stories in this anthology was like visiting a friend. You already know the basics, and yet there's still something new and interesting to learn about them. Also, a male perspective for the whole read, that's a bonus. Throw a romantic theme on top of that and you've got the recipe for an extra special Valentines Day treat. . . and it's FREE! Who says no to that?? I'm gonna go with. . . . . crazy people.
That story began with a battalion surrounded by the enemy in one of Vietnam’s fiercest battles. The survivors remember the desperate fear of almost certain death. They remember gunfire that one witness described as the most intense he had ever seen, and they remember the sight of an unarmed helicopter coming to their aid. The man with the controls flew through the gunfire not once, not 10 times, but at least 21 times. That single helicopter brought the water, ammunition and supplies that saved many lives on the ground, and the same pilot flew more than 70 wounded soldiers to safety.
Are you on Pinterest? We’d love to follow you too!
I’m at once looking for the beauty in the original image, but only trying to convey an idea of universality. Through feet? Sure, why not. We’ve all got ‘em.
Andrey Henkin (All About Jazz)
So how do we avoid these pitfalls? Let's try re-thinking our goals as a parents. One of my goals as a parent is to allow my kids to be as happy as they are capable of being, doing whatever it is that makes them happiest. Another goal is to empower my kids to choose happiness, by giving them as much control over their lives as I can, now, even while they are only two and four years old. I am hoping that the way my husband and I treat our kids will help them figure out what makes them tick and what they want out of life and how to get it.
R24: *Sk 1 sc, sc 1* rep 6 times. (6 sts)
The day after Coldeale I headed to Leamington with Zoe for her final tune up before the London Marathon. Chris Penny had suggested racing the week before as a confidence boost and to get into the midset of running through a big crowd (he should know about preparation for marathons having done 2:17 in his prime) and when Zoe and I talked it over we thought it might be a good idea.
Not being pregnant is a blessing in many ways while living here in Europe. I know so many parents who wish they could just go to Paris one weekend but can't because they have kids. It also gives me an opportunity to finish my bachelors degree quickly. I also can't imagine not having anyone from my family or Cameron's family here to help me out after the baby would arrive.
For me, radio is a magic medium, one that is, to borrow Fred Allen’s phrase about his nemesis (television), “rarely well done” these days. The most famous radio comedians and actors were indeed larger than life and also had incredibly memorable voices, which, naturally enough, had to be serve as
I used two different cricut cartridges and a stamp collection from MY PINK STAMPER named perfect for this event, FROM THE HEART. I love this collection for year round celebration to the Valentine day to come. I hope that you are inspired today to create something for yourself and someone else in your life, I thank you for taking timeout to stop over and visit me. YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!!!!!!
Today I set out for another lunch run with my friend Jennie in -20C weather! It actually wasn't too bad once we got going, and the frozen river and trees were gorgeous! It also helped we had the pathway to ourselves and felt super hardcore. Even though I felt like we were moving at a snail's pace, we actually clipped along at 6:45 - 7:00 per km, which is on the fast side for me!
I got to my room and flopped on the bed only to hear that the tsunami alert had been called off.
I think the idea of control has been helping me lately. You guys know that I’m a control freak and a perfectionist. I’m trying to work on the perfectionism by learning moderation (and so far I’m doing pretty well with that), but I’m actually using my control freak nature to win this battle of the bulge. Whenever I overeat that’s me being out of control, and I hate that feeling. So I told myself that from now on I’m going to control my actions. Which means that I take ownership of them if I do decide (because it’s a choice I’m making) to overindulge. Take this week as an example: I knew I was going out with friends on Tuesday, I looked at the menu online ahead of time to make a good dinner choice, then I also factored in having two Sangria Swirls. I had eaten well the rest of the day and went over my calories by less than 200, so I knew that a night out wouldn’t complete derail my progress. And it didn’t.
I think I'll go now and finish that tinfoil hat I was working on.
Word of mouth: 26
Stampin Up sentiment (a fabulous gift from my dear friend Laura) it's simple but embellish with some pearls swirls from Prima Marketing.
I went and organized my yarn last night because I realized that my knitting projects were getting away all over the apartment. I felt bad for my husband because I literally have yarn and knitting projects everywhere! So, I organized and have come to realize I have a good amount of yarn.
For the majority of people who’ve rarely, or never, read comic-books, the proliferation of superhero characters in mass media might seem a relatively recent phenonmenon. Yet as any dedicated comic-book fan will tell you, the birth of the superhero dates back to the closing years of the Great Depression, when Superman made his debut in Action Comics No.1, cover-dated July 1938.
Hope all are doing well, til next time. . . Jan
she answered.
--There was a feeling as if I had less responsibility for my partner, especially regarding her axis, and this provided a sensation of great freedom and autonomy.
So, I went over to the same stall and ordered a medium size Singapore Hokkien Mee. I paid SGD6.00 for this delicious plate of medium size Hokkien Mee. I was amazed when my daughter finished the whole plate......! This is also the first time she tasted this dish and she likes it very much!
LTE/4G- TIM reports profits up 30%, will bid in Brazil’s 4G auction: TIM is participating in today’s Brazilian LTE auction… bit.ly/IExdJF
would darken it down more than it did but I still like the way it looks.
How tall are those darn things, anyway? Those big beauties, which spike across many German hillsides, range in height from roughly 100 to 300 meters, or 300 to 500 feet. The blades are a little less than 120 feet long.
But now – voila! The e-reader market is insatiable, and publishing has embraced niche markets, including the smaller traditional print houses. Writers can actually write the book-of-the-heart. It’s the equivalent of being able to do an art house film rather than trying to turn it into a Hollywood blockbuster.
One of lifes little gems has to be when you see the end in sight, a time when you can look forard to a little ‘me’ or ‘us’ time.
SAY GOODBYE TO WINTER
Today for example. I was on what I can only call an Angst Walk. This is when, as lately, things get to be a Bit Too Much and so I grab my iPod and go for a walk, playing very loud very angry music, sometimes wandering into the woods where I can cry and rage and sniffle whilst Trent screams dire things in my ears. Catharsis, Karla Style. I am an angry girl lately. Watch me rage.
252 5. “Can Beauty ‘Hallow Even the Bloodiest Tomahawk’? On ‘The Killers,’ ‘A Good Man Is Hard to Find,’ and ‘The Silence of the Lambs.’” The Critic, vol. 48, no. 2, pp. 1-18 (1993). (Source: Item D-X/1/1993, below.)
"'Fire.'"
Disclaimer: the above is an exercise! Is it overwhelming? Nauseating, repulsive? In parts perhaps. But there is nothing in there, nothing, that isn't present in modern-day marketing.
Joe and I take frequent “wanders” in the nearby nature preserve. We discovered the trail which leads down a little moraine to Lake Nagawicka—the quiet, natural end of the lake. This will be a spot for sitting and sketching, when I can’t be at home up north over the next few months.
The woman kept hitting me and telling me to put her down, so that she could keep fighting, but we were clearly out-numbered & so I would not put her down; and once inside she started complaining and saying something about she was a princess or something crazy like that.
“Fuck you,” Bitch snarled. She pointed at Brian. “It’s irritating enough that he wants to start giving orders and calling himself our leader, I’m not putting up with it from you, too. I do what I want, and what I want is to beat her face in.”
Biblical scholars say that our New Testament is 99.5% textually pure. In the entire text of 20,000 lines, only 40 lines are in doubt (about 400 words), and none affects any significant doctrine.
nothing. Resigned,
‘ - uh-oh (the short pause you use between the uh and the oh is the equivalent to the glottal stop)
So if you see me and we happen to be on the subject of my diet, please know I have my reasons (of which I don't like sharing), I will be fine without ice cream, and I am waiting for the doctor to prescribe supplements. Thank you!
our own rainbows
And what does it mean when people who interact with Dr Pearl report a sudden ability to access this healing energy not just for themselves but for others too?
I don’t want you to start your weekend feeling burdened, so I’m leaving you with just one thing — a song to zest up your Friday and put a spring in your step. I saw this understated, brilliant Australian band play last autumn, and since then this song from their debut album Bliss Release has been the soundtrack in my head on many occasions.
4- Cascade Brewing 2009 Sang Noir
-crow
For mortgage holders, its same old same old, with credit costs running near their long term average, although the average home-owner has been feeling the brunt of inflation with utilities and living costs surging in the past year (particularly around SE Qld were water was sold off).
Most people affect engage in their restaurant crew or one from the restaurant managers, but additionally, there are positions related to brand management, business marketing, and business management. Likewise, talented chefs and food scientists may also be welcome to apply.
16. Brenda & The Tabulations - California Soul (2:32)
Of those armies so rapid so wondrous what saw you to tell us?
“I’m advised that the area where the crocodile was seen is well upstream from where anyone would be likely to go swimming, but it would be used by people fishing, catching prawns and pumping worms and yabbies,” Mr Powell said.
Anwar said on Tuesday that he meets Najib often during the Dewan Rakyat sitting.
A straightforward design infringement, as with the copyright? Apparently not.
Wolf Blass are one of the really famous Aussie producers and sort of set the trends for a lot of the newer guys. They are not old, having been founded by Wolfgang Blass in 1973 and many others have roots in the nineteenth century, but they came along exactly when Australian wine was beginning to change and become mainstream. They have become part of the Australian wine zeitgeist and many consumers know their reliable and approachable Yellow Label wines even if they do not know the higher level ranges, indeed Wolf Blass have come to be seen as a brand rather than a top-producer. This tasting though was all about the top end wines of the Wolf Blass stable and it was a really fascinating insight into the remarkable quality they can produce.
“So I had a nice first impression then. That explains a lot! And if it helps, that cuts you out from the creepy zone”
While giving full credence to her Inner Guides contact, I did notice that convoluted “save the world” message. A dangerous, delusional message, as it can inflate the ego of an unwary seeker who would think she is so special and Messiah in stature.
Not a thing in Matilda works. Let's forget the ratty Halloween costume-looking thing we have headlining for a minute. Let's talk about its story. If this was a straight-up parody of boxing films, this would have worked (it almost sounds like a National Lampoon take on Rocky). Even if we had a real kangaroo play the whole flick and just made with the judicious cutting and editing to make it look as if it was boxing and jabbing, that could have worked as well. As it is, every character having a heart-to-heart discussion with each other, Clive Revill bookending the film with directly-into-the-camera monologues about Matilda and how she's affected everybody's lives and playing the whole thing serious (or at least as serious as they play it here), it's deadly. And making with mawkish sentiment about the bad guys realizing how bad they are, the cynical guys realizing they may be just a tad too cynical and the heels realizing how heely they are to everybody... you'd expect violin music to pop up at their moment of truth. In fact, there just may have been - if not, then color me disappointed.
Acts 8:22 Repent therefore of this thy wickedness, and pray God, if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee.
My interest in Egypt is, in fact, nothing new. When I transferred to Eastern Illinois University in 1981, I had plans to go there for a year and transfer to the University of Illinois to study Biology. This changed when I took one of my prereq courses, a Political Science course taught by, believe it or not, a professor named Faust.
There are 3 new colours, and one matte topcoat;
176. V. Spenser, Prothalamion.
I think being in work tomorrow will be tough as there is so many opportunities for snacking. We have sweets, biscuits and chocolates we can help ourselves too. I think its out of boredom too. Instead when I feel the craving hit I’m going to go and get myself a lemon and ginger or herbal tea which should stop the craving in its tracks!
This time blocking off and escalator…
The art we need in an age of ecological crisis should be fundamentally relational rather than self-expressive because of the heightened need to nurture respectful connectedness among people and with nature.
It is hard to believe that Antifa had any more freedom of movement, literally or figuratively, than the German authorities allowed it. It is terrible news for Germany that its government is sanguine about the notion of large gangs of hard-left criminals dictating what can and cannot take place on its streets, but this is more indicative of the current state of German party politics than any intrinsic capabilities of Antifa.
Reid: neither do I
The Billionaire Bachelors series continues with book 5, Blackmailing the Billionaire. George’s son Max meets his match in Cassie, a journalist who wants his interview. Unfortunately, it took getting run over by his car to get it.
Even as I type this, I’m struggling with the desire to say the perfect thing, to ensure that what I’m typing out will be understood. This whole need to be understood could be a character in itself. It could become a scientist who wants to come up with a theory no one can disprove and everyone can celebrate. Or it could be a rebellious teenager who’s fed up with the fact that their parents will never
By the time you finish rolling the entire batch, the first few might have no icing sugar visible because it gets absorbed. No problem, just lightly roll it again and place into the oven immediately.
It comes down to this. One of President Obama's Best Friends Forever when it comes to foreign leaders is Turkey's Islamist Prime Minister Tayipp Erdogan.
If you are picked and you didn’t do the MUST another winner will be picked!!!
Only in mental health do you leave hospital BECUASE something is broken, to the background noise of the health service frantically washing their hands of a geriactric, bed blocking, walking (well, wheelchairing), talking (without ever stopping to draw breath, possibly she has evolved to inhale through her ears thus ensuring the stream of warped conciousness never ceases for a millisecond) Medical Encyclopedia of Maladies.
AC: Who pays?
How do you manage FB time versus other social media time spent?
“To be fair, it should have come into force much earlier. Why all of a sudden it was rushed?” she asked.
While retaining the same engine and with the general evolutionary theme of the car, the roll hoop area is indistinguishable from the 2011 car. No doubt there are structural changes under the skin, but these aren’t visually apparent or announced by the team.
software for digital Cameras could permit you to monitor and file the events at a lot of areas as well. Most of these also permit you to keep an eye on your home, family members, or business enterprise, irrespective of where you might be. You may use your ourite-snail mail, the world wide web, or cellular phone for watching.
Time 5'32
544 ***D-X/25/1963. “The Problem of Loyalty: The City and Its Gods in Plato’s Apology.” Hillel Foundation Jewish Student Center, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1964(2), above, and in Item B-2, above, pp. 8-29 (1975).)
I do believe this is the biggest part that stuck out to since doing this study of Samuel. From what I get from this part of scripture is that God is basically spitting Saul out. He basically says that your burnt offerings means nothing if you don’t have obedience. Saul disobeyed the Lord. He was given orders and he went against them. The Lord rejected Saul as Israel’s king. The Lord was serious! There are obviously consequences when we disobey God. I just look back to when I would disobey and reject my mom’s orders and she would obviously have to discipline me or else I wouldn’t take her seriously. The Lord is the same way. Now that being said there is forgiveness for disobedience. Saul asked and pleaded for forgiveness and obviously the Lord forgave him however he wasn’t reappointed king of Israel because he had to learn his lesson.
Your Grandpapa
Moon Nightclub at the Palms debuted their new Industry Night, Fancy Sauce, on January 17th with deadmau5 protégé Moguai spinning his brand of electronic dance music into the early hours.
$4.00 off Any Benefiber Product
I did not save my files to an external device.
and I am not alone.
Lenore Wolf- The Fallen One
Every time I see an Anthropologie, I always insist on wandering through the store. Because the brand calls Philadelphia it’s hometown, I was especially excited to adventure to the flagship store. The two photos above are from my adventure. There’s stained glass on the ceiling and part of the store has a beautiful view of Rittenhouse Square. I didn’t snap a photo of the chandelier, but I died!
I immediately called my husband and he was back home and we were off to my doctors office. They were super efficient and confirmed right away that my water had indeed broken and that the baby would be out within the next 24 hours. It was a mixed bag of emotions from there. Happiness and joy at the thought that the baby would be there to hold and feel. That she would be home for Diwali, the biggest Indian festival. Apprehension for the baby’s well being. Are her lungs mature enough. She was tiny at the previous ultrasound and weighed only 4lbs 3 oz the week before, so will she be ok outside the womb. Feelings of guilt – what did I do wrong? Why has my water broken so early. Feelings of panic – We are not prepared, the care seat is not ordered, the crib is not set. How will it all get done. But of all these feelings I guess it was the excitement of holding the baby that took over.
But! I am for group marriages. Maybe a three-way marriage could have allowed sex to flourish within the tri-bond of of Design for Living. I wished I could have married all my friends in a big collective group back then, bound to each other body and soul (well, soul anyway). Instead we live with the daily injustice that we may be best buds with someone for 20 years and then can't visit them in the hospital or share their inheritance, while some chick they drunkenly married a week ago in Vegas suddenly owns half of everything we watched them earn and shuts us out of the visiting room on detox day. I know at least two beautiful, smart girls who never see or hear from their dad anymore because of his jealous second wife. And that's your 'noble institution' in action? No wonder wits like Hecht and Coward and Lubitsch were so suspicious of it. Much better to cherish those friends you love via the gentleman's agreement, so that the mystery and sublimation need never cease its sparkle.
About Georg Friedrich Haas’ “In iij. Noct.”
When the entire world is converging on a tiny, smashed-up island whose residents are dying every minute, where is official Islam?
We were only two on the earth
MOE and NUS have been dragging their feet over Sun Xu’s case in the hope that Singaporeans will forget about the incident by now, one month after Sun Xu posted a derogatory comment about Singaporeans on his Chinese micro-blogging site Weibo on 18 February this year.
“How could you just ignore it? Why didn’t you do something?”
I didn't realise until my sister pointed it out , but the star buttons on this dress and my moon choker are very complimentary.
I always bring home a vintage dachshund no matter what when I spot them on my treasure hunting outings. It does not matter if they do not look like my own dogs, I still know they will be loved and enjoyed at my house. ~ seems to be a running theme here......
* forceload expects a filename which includes the directory. Also
Even bigger news: Today is Cameron's First Birthday! Even through all of the trials and heartache we are going through I could absolutely not ask for a better child. He is such an incredible blessing in our family and I don't know where I would be with out him!
Pete's Brewing Company Pete's Wicked Rally Cap Ale
2 obvious
Dress: Vintage
Those are lies.
the blogging has been sporadic because we are moving this week and next week.
After the jumping horn funk intro of ‘El Entro’ the band get down to dirty business with the sweet soul strut of ‘I Can Give’ and the party is on. ‘Mamacita’ is one of many standouts – a thrill ride with tasty latin jazz-flute filigrees decorating the funky greasy pork chops. ‘Sonny’s Strut’ lets the band flex their groove muscles; ‘Sometimes It Hurts’ is late night city lights and sorrow over cocktails; title track ‘Take From Me’ is smooth as skin – the album is soul-funk riches from go to whoa.
Apart from the ingredients, you will need a deep baking dish, similar to the one I used (see pictures). The dish has to be deep enough to hold the syrup. You will also need a classic tin grate for shaping and embossing your cookies. Use the rough, star-shaped grate to impress the pattern into the dough. Not only does this make the cookie look pretty, it also allows the syrup to soak into the cookie more thoroughly.
As a sinner, my only hope for heaven lies in the full atonement made upon Calvary’s cross for the ungodly. I totally rely on this. There is no hope for me anywhere else. We are all in the same condition. We must all stand together at the foot of the cross, and trust our souls to the One who died for the guilty. Charles H. Spurgeon writes the following:
What’s worse is that Ray-Ray types stay emboldened by some perverse sense of respect that they claim to be protecting when terrorizing folks’ communities and daring the neighbors to speak up about it. But when the damage is done and the dust settles, where is Ray-Ray?
Others remain the modern day version of pen pals.
A popular slogan of the Italian Fascists under Mussolini was, “Tutto nello Stato, niente al di fuori dello Stato, nulla contro lo Stato” (everything for the state, nothing outside the state, nothing against the state). I recall this expression frequently as I observe the state’s far-reaching penetration of my own society.
Well, I have bad news. You can't wear your hair like them. No one can. Even if you had enough hair to pull it off, you'd look like you were dressed for a Renaissance fair. So, we have to move on.
I finished reading Eric Sammons’ new book, and hey, it’s pretty good. A lot good, in fact, and a review is forthcoming. But today let me caution you: There’s a humility component to this holiness business.
Ryan Gosling as Sean Hanlon who appeared as some D-Bag in Stay and Murder By Numbers
Some details: I frosted the cupcakes using a Wilton 6B decorating tip and a large coupler. I got the cute cupcake liners from this online Esty shop. The liners were said to be greaseproof, but maybe 1 1/2 cups of oil was too much for even greaseproof liners.
The movie and the doctors in it are advocating for complete plant and whole food diets. Throughout the movie, they follow a few different "clients" (people who moved to the plant based diet) as well as some mouse testing :-/ The tests done comparing diets with high animal-protein diets vs low animal-protein (not no animal-protein). I guess you could say that the movie was an introduction to a vegan diet...Maybe I can convince my carnivore of a husband...we will see... :-) The results were amazing...watch the movie! I don't want to spoil anything ;-)
My daughter's dad has a friend from high school whom I never liked much, and it was a mutual dislike. Recently, and for reasons unknown to me, Kaylee mentioned her and I said that I never really cared for her. Kaylee asked me why, and I looked at my nearly 14-year-old daughter and determined that honesty was called for in this conversation. I said, "Because she's had multiple abortions. Four that I know of. She felt like it was an acceptable method of birth control."
Of course, the concept itself is awesome, but one of the many things I really like about these, is the way they demonstrate that aesthetic beauty can be found beyond the scope of what is commonly accepted as such. Science is undoubtedly one of the many ways an observer can achieve a different appreciation of the world around us.
I have a thing for all things British. Not sure what it is, but I’ve always been fascinated with our neighbors across the pond. Perhaps it’s just that charming accent, but I’m smitten. From books to magazines to movies I try and get a daily fix of jolly London.
Call me stupid. Call me crazy. But I love the idea of love. I love the idea of being in love. I want to be in love, but every time I do fall in love, I get my heart smashed, beaten and crucified without mercy.
As the law is politicised and Americanised, these travesties are not untypical. In upholding the conviction of a London university student, Mohammed Gul, for disseminating “terrorism” on the internet, Appeal Court judges in London ruled that “acts… against the armed forces of a state anywhere in the world which sought to influence a government and were made for political purposes” were now crimes. Call to the dock Thomas Paine, Aung San Suu Kyi, Nelson Mandela.
A human being is WHO YOU ARE, the name, the title, the professional, the citizen, the family…. the face! The needs are basic, approval, motivation, inspiration, aspiration, attention and validation. For YOU must want to be counted and accounted for!!
BLITZER: Let me let Congressman Paul…
For years the Arab world has been shrouded in secrecy, in dictatorship in a world where true freedom and true justice was unheard of (not that these values apply perfectly elsewhere but some have it better for sure), but i guess you can only push someone that much, everything will come to an end one day and tyranny will never remain permenant , good must overthrow evil at some point. After our brothers and sisters in Tunisia proved that peoples power in the arab world is not impossible then people decided they will have change and demand change and in true 3arabi style not give up until change is received.
In the case of this fantastic little project, you have Enchant's leading man Ted Leonard gliding amidst the furious finesse of Arch Rival guitarist Michael Harris, who masterminded the whole shebang. And if there's one thing I know about guitarists, its that they tend to write pretty good songs: 'Sacred Treasure' is a vintage stab at Dream Theater circa 1992, complete with synth-guitar counterpoint and some Flamenco sweeps. Some cuts are downright infectious as far as pop-metal sensibility goes though, with kudos to the Eastern scaled 'A Legend`s Avalon' and 'God Of Oblique', a song that Ray Alder would have sacrificed babies for to have written himself.
You are ready to let me go now. I love you”
A Square wave
Apologies to regular What’s for Lunch? readers for the unexplained absence. But I have an excuse and it’s actually food-related. I’ve been eating my way through Italy. Gelato, granite, bucatini all’ amatriciana, carciofo all guidia— you say it (with a charming Italian accent) I ate it.
but chocolate Barbie got my heart quakin’
Have I ever mentioned I hate hypochondriacs?
Ms. LaBombard was involved in the design of the High Line and gave us insight into how one of the most fascinating public spaces I have ever experienced, came to be.
A big failure was my attempt at book binding. It works for me and what I wanted but it isn't pretty, so no directions on this part. :) The good news is I did remember this time to leave room for binding so that's a positive!
Narcissists give off a lot of energy. They are exciting to be around. They seem to know what’s going on with everyone, they are very plugged in and people want to share information with them. Even if they aren’t headed towards the top, they appear that way.
I sit here every day and catch up with my world.
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.57% 30
Tip-toeing on eggshells is
Then God said, “Let us make human beings in our image, to be like us. Genesis 1:26a (NLT)
No offense Greyseer — I’m just not that good at drawing guys! And I knew I’d have a hard time expressing the awesomeness that is Tharion, because he looks totally badass.
dignified as a king.
Vintage Canada, 2001
I'm not going to give you a step by step, but if you have questions, I'll be happy to share anything with you. Just leave your questions in the comments section or email me privately at thefunkiejunkie@gmail.com.
Don Madden works with clay. He was not an artist all his life.. coming from the corporate world so he is now busy working with new techniques and creating unique wonderful pieces. He also has a very funny sense of humor which you will find at his blog here.
pinned to my fingers,
Ana and her husband moved to Los Angeles five years ago when the TV industry came calling back. They thought they had escaped it all when they moved to Playa del Carmen in México to act as irresponsible beach bums, but the offer was too tempting to pass up. Three years ago, they joyously welcomed their daughter into their bilingual and bicultural family. These days, Ana Lilian is splitting her time as a brand consultant building bridges with Latina bloggers, a freelance writer and TV producer, and dedicating precious time to her labor-of-love blog for parents raising bilingual and bicultural children: SpanglishBaby .
The violence, which, I can't stand under any circumstances.
Zishaan ‘ZuZu’ Shafi
How can I help but hate it. How can I help but feel trapped by its omnipresence, its insistence, its ubiquity? How can I help but recognize that every single day I make real choices that place money above time with my family, above social justice, above environmental sustainability, above my own callings in life. How can I help but resent it?
One thing that is annoying about some of the “gun forums” you visit is that you get some people that say “the XXX is the best gun” or “this gun sucks”. Now I’m not going to say these three are hands down the best. However, in my opinion they are some of the best all around multi-purpose .22 rifles out there. Furthermore, each weapon is very reasonably priced and each weapon would work fine as a stand alone small game hunting rifle, home defense weapon, plinking rifle, or survival rifle (I’ll talk more specifically about survival rifles in my next post).
For office-based workers the tipping point at which staff felt that their working life started to interfere with their home life came after 38 hours of work a week.
Quantitative Methods for Political Science
Then add the fact that Swansea is also home to major players in the social / 'affordable' housing sector, some of which I have dealt with in the past, such as The Coastal Housing Group, which seems to be both a social housing provider and and a property developer; plus the Gwalia group, which housed the gang of English paedophiles jailed last year. All of which I suggest makes the Swansea conurbation something of a magnet for dossers and those looking for somewhere to live at someone else's expense.
When you watch a Keaton film you can always expect great comedy and great action. The comedy is split fairly evenly between broad physical humor and the subtler comedy of manners which arises from the way that Willie tries to finesse his situation so that he doesn't end up killed. The action comes fairly fast and furious, showcasing some truly amazing stunts by Keaton. In the climatic waterfall scene Keaton has to rescue Talmadge by swinging across the waterfall on a rope and catching her in midair as she goes over the fall. Being 1923, achieving the stunt involved actually doing it, making the scene endlessly impressive. The sense of danger is very real and the skill on the part of the crew, on-screen and off-screen, is apparent.
Despite this, the main focus of this episode was on the assassins tracking Ace. Gus was smart in trying to keep Ace safe and had a lucky, if not slightly paranoid spot as they left the hotel. Interesting that because if the assassin had made his shot, he would have been out of there and on the plane home. The scene in the restaurant was clever, particularly the reference to an earlier time something similar had happened for Ace and Gus, and the immediate acting out a phone call, come argument. This led the assassin to what he thought was following Ace into the bathroom, only to instead be jumped by Gus. Gus just about managed to kill him but gave a resigned look, presumably wondering why he was still doing that at his age. Unfortunate for the assassin that he had not gotten that earlier shot.
Genre: Fantasy/Romance
“If you were to walk very quietly through any reasonable size wood for an hour immediately following first light you would probably see wild deer of one species or another,” says their website.
‘Immediately the VC
So why should kids start English classes early on?
I made sure that she and my other daughter hadn't mixed up their identical phones and that she too was in class.
The real deal is that world did not deserved a great and noble warrior as karna. His defiance, fight against odds, anger, philanthropy, courage, hunger for knowledge, honorable conduct, devotion to teacher and loyalty towards friend, all are traits for deep admiration. The world never recognized while he was alive his greatness. In corporate world there will be karnas who will keep on doing their duty because it shall be done, even though it means fighting against all odds. In the end they may or may not get RESPECT for their efforts.
If they cannot even find technical staff to man the current subs or frigates (they call them corvettes, I doubt if the even know the difference) then where are they going to find the crew for the new Helicopter carriers??
We ran into some major thunderstorms in Canada, where it had been humid and windy most of the day. Lucky for us, we were in the mall shopping and it didn't affect us that much. I have been slacking terribly these past few weeks-cleaning house, getting things packed for my trip in less than a month, and taking care of my grandsons as my son and his girlfriend recently split up. Not getting into reasons here, but he of course is upset-and has pretty much holed himself up in his apartment and I've been working on getting him out and about. (WHEN he answers the door that is!) Being a mother, I am worried-and hope that time will heal the wounds and at least they will be able to get along for their children. My ex is moving in with him soon, and although Daddy isn't the best influence there is out there-I feel better knowing he won't be alone.
Have a good weekend our Noah bear
Ernane Rabelo, Universidade Federal de Viçosa. Information Behavior and News Evocation: The Case of Mass Communication Students
Staley’s previous attorney called him “too nuts to be executed” when the courts stopped a scheduled execution in 2005. And Stickles said Staley’s severe mental illness has existed for several years and has been exacerbated by the forced drug regimen Stickles argues was illegally ordered by Salvant.
Edit: I've been getting this error message as I've been leaving comments too but the comment still gets published. Just click your 'Back' button to get the blog to display again, and then refresh.....your comment should now be displaying.
OK,I cheated and set the camera up near the bird feeder by the shed,the only place that I knew the birds would be.
Aside from the amazing scent, this is a really great body scrub. It's fluffy and soft, so it's gentle and non-harsh, but it still does a great job at getting skin soft and smooth.
There are little bright blue wildflowers blooming at the bottom of the hill around the tv satellite dishes. A small patch of one of them bloomed there in May of 2008. I've been trying to identify them ever since. They aren't in any of my many wildflower books. I even posted a What Is This? entry here on the blog. Never got an answer.
*Saranne Magennis,** AISHE President.*
Sunday, 12 pm – 7 pm
Well, not really. It is probably the worst kept secret in the beer world of late that the enfant terribles of their own 'craft' beer world, BrewDog were eager, some might say desperate, to clinch a deal with Camra to have some sort of presence at the festival.
Silence is golden yes its true
"That's your lot" said Miss Lee as she turned on the light
Be sure to check out the Cartoon Network website and sign up for a free account. You will be able to play fun games, find out when your favorite Cartoon Network shows air, go shopping on the Cartoon Network Shop, and much more!
Lost Coast Brewery
It was the best feeling when I got my keys! There of course was some drama that came along with them…considering I didn’t get them until 4 o’clock on move-in day….BUT…I’ve decided it’s not worth getting in to those details haha Why you ask? Because a girl went shopping and shopping rules this post!!! lolololololol
At least Pete seems to be much happier,
Not so long ago my fifth-grade child turned in a sloppy book report and brought home a poor grade. I started in with a lecture on taking pride in your work and soon enough I had worked into a lather about taking your time, checking your work and that sloppy work was unacceptable. As I built to a crescendo, I realized that my child hadn’t gotten a word in edgewise in about 10 minutes. Nor had she looked up at me. Eighty percent of what I said had not registered. She had probably disengaged from my 100 mph lecture and was simply awaiting the pronouncement of a punishment or for me to stop talking.
At first I thought this post would be all about the kids again, but really, who am I kidding? We as adults snack as much as youngsters do, so I am not gonna profile here, this post is for everyone!
2) Many don't know who George Soros is.
Chaos is change and growth, entropic destruction, and the very substance from which everything is made…infinite possibility. The base substance/possibility of everything I think needs no example. Change and growth occur for as long as something exists and either grows, evolves, learns, or develops. A child into an adult, a seeker into a master, stellar dust into a star. Entropy gets a bad rap. It’s not just destruction, it is the necessary wear and tear that allow for growth and change. It is the necessity to balance pattern and structure so that stagnation does not occur. It is the necessity that ensures something new can come along.
I finished the night with a Tokyo*, which probably explains why I'm feeling a little rough today.
Every day there must be a hundred things you notice and you would like to tweak or improve in your house. If you ever bothered to make a list of those must-do or would-like-to-do projects you would have noticed that the things you needed could be found in the hardware, the electronics shop, the pet shop, the garden supplies shop, the automotive shop and some others. It used to be that you needed to make a round of neighborhood stores to get what you needed for your home. Now, that is no longer the case.
Because I love you
I don’t know where my self-publishing is going to go (if anywhere). I mean, there’s every possibility that I can practice and hone and practice and hone until I’m finally writing really well, and elucidating what I want to say, and all the rest – and the reality will be that nobody will care at all! Some of this is so subjective, and there’s no way around that. Not to mention that I’m starting out behind the curve with this whole “starting over” proposition. I mean, I’ve had lots of free downloads of my work. How does one deal with re-doing/re-vamping/re-framing work that has already been out there (and not always at “free”??) I have no idea.
However, my hair is a completely different color! It is very dark, sort of an ashy brown. From what I’ve heard it often grows back darker on those with lighter hued locks. After about a year or so the dark color starts to fade out and the original color usually returns, although sometimes that doesn’t happen. A number of women will also end up with very different hair texture after chemo…again, sometimes it eventually returns to its original state, sometimes not. Typically those formerly with straight hair will have curlier hair after, not as often the other way around. Since my hair was naturally somewhere in between, sort of wavy, who knows how this will all turn out? It’s hard to tell anything much when it’s barely an inch long.
I never really wanted to be the princess in the castle. I wanted to be the princess that sneaks into the elite group of knights fighting for honor and her land and landing the hottest knight of them all.
Just proves my gut-feeling -- Madame La Hillary is a jerk! And her running platform is meaningless and manipulative. It's all about Madame La Hillary ..... who slept with the boss!
The short ribs we had for the entreé were from the cattle they raise; we got 15 or 20 pounds for the dinner. It kind of completes the full circle – livestock fed at least in part with our grain – returned back braised in our beer and served with the beer that fed either that cattle or other cattle.
Now how’s that for stepping out of your comfort zone. He is traveling thousands of miles to a very unfamiliar place to do a very brave thing. He taught me a lot that day. Thank you Clay! And a special thank you to his mama Mary for believing in me. Such an incredible family and I am blessed to know them.
So, this blog contains a goodbye... Goodbye Tommy, our much loved silly cat!! I miss having you sleep in front of the computer screen so I can't read what I type. I miss listening for your Siamese yowl when you have determined there is something you need ( like being let out of a closed room). I know we will miss having our tree tipped several times next Christmas time. Tommy, we will miss you playing in the bathtub in the middle of the night. We miss watching your antics as you play with Taz or stage a mock attack on Bailey the doxie. Taz misses you and looks for you daily and nightly. I miss you sleeping by my head at night, I wake up and reach for your silky fur listening for you thundering purr and then realize, you aren't there... Grief is so hard, it hurts so much... if I had it to do over, I would have kept you safely inside, and never allowed you to experience the delight of the outdoors. I know you are in a much better place now, but that doesn't make the hurt of missing you any less. Someday, we will see you again, pretty Tommy but until then know that we will always love you in our hearts and will miss you always.
- He/she would get the best papa in the world, and two fabulous big brothers.
So whether we are here in this body or away from this body, our goal is to please him.I set up my little end of the dining room table to do my study this morning and was mildly devastated to discover that I'd left my composition note pad, otherwise known as my journal, on my desk at the office. Journaling is a major part of my quiet time routine, and has been for the past five or six years. I was actually tempted to skip my quiet time in response to this little mishap. Then I remembered this blog. Heathenism averted.
FG=1.020@66F (I bet the chocolate is throwing this measurement off)
My favorite style of mosaic is made with hand-cut tiles called Pique Assiette (loosely translated it means cracked china). All types of glass or china used in mosaics is call "tesserae." I cut antique or vintage dinnerware into tiles specifically made for mosaics. Contrary to popular belief, the china is cut with special cutters or nippers NOT smashed with a hammer.
Can we speak to this a little? Because each of you, my beloved brothers and sisters, each of you have begun your journey, not only as a spark of light, not only as an emanation from the heart of One, but as an angel—some of you, a few of you, even as archangels, or one of the keepers of the dominions or the principalities or the virtues. And you can see this when you look at somebody.
I have to agree with the blog writer’s assessment of this vile powder (sorry foodies – hemp sucks, and not just in the illegal-drug way, but in the superfood-that-tastes-like-butthole way, too):
Kylie has been taking LOOONG afternoon naps lately. While it's a nice little break I struggle with trying to keep Cameron quiet for that length of time. I try to do several crafts with him each week, and one of our favorites lately are these homemade birdfeeders. Pinecones+peanut butter+ birdseed (3 bucks for a giant bag at Walmart), that's it! Cam and Kylie both love to look out the windows each day and see the birds stopping by for a snack.
“It is vital that police and security services are able to obtain communications data,” said a Home Office spokesperson.
But it really doesn’t mean
IT WENT GREAT! I feel like it was my best Showcase so far. We had a couple of mess-ups, all due to traffic issues while doing our opens. We knew that could happen, and we just need to work on that before Dance-O-Rama. But everything else was fantastic! My posture was great, my expressions were better, I was on time for most of the mambo, I was just dancing in the music and not thinking.
She needed to turn their heads down before the fall began in earnest, which took away the option of waiting to see what the Wilder would do. Pevan led the turn again, trying to guess where the creature would be in another eighteen seconds. Federas spread beneath her, clearer and more accurate than any map. Her next Gateway moved them a hundred yards up the street, right to the south-eastern corner of the town.
Still, the barbarians did make off with a bit of the livestock, a few villagers for ransom or slaves, and a few of the buildings were burned down. But I call it a minor Empire victory. They took minimal casualties, half the town was intact, they still had some of the livestock and most of the villagers.
Respect, he replied with eyes cast down. He was too old fashioned for the young. He was shot down by a gang of thugs.
She loved him. If true love truly exists, then she loved him, and she pretended that he loved her. It makes life easier when you can feign another’s affection, which she had to do because her love lived in fantasy. She had never met him. Never had the two of them had a conversation. Their eyes had never met, not even in passing had they glanced at each other. No mutual friends had told her about him. In actuality, she held no ideas as to what he looked like (other than a drawing that might have approximated his appearance).
During the interview, when the interviewer asked me my greatest weakness, I dropped the standard “I don’t like to delegate”. Perfect right? Makes me sound like I’m a control freak who needs to be hands on in everything. Interviewers eat that stuff up. Problem is that’s not true. My greatest weakness would probably be my lack of attention to detail (for example, see the above ‘left baby’ in car reference). But I didn’t say that. I lied, and now my job requires the same level of attention to detail as a Rabbi overseeing a bris.
Karen brings up the fact that Sting wrote “They Dance Alone”, a tune heavily critical of Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet. She contrasts it with Sting’s decision to play a concert for Gulnara Karimov. I think it comes down to Sting’s liberal politics.
I might have gotten.
Love, love, love this little bunch...
Contrary to what it says on the cover at top, Hackett actually plays cornet, not trumpet on these sides, although he did switch to trumpet many years later.
This trip made me feel really proud of Belfast. It has suffered so much from the Troubles, but in recent times it is proving itself to be a wonderful, friendly, amazing city full of life and history and lovely people. I felt I saw a different side to it today and I felt proud of my roots.
Wowza Media Systems is the “Any Screen Done Right™” media server software company delivering an industrial-strength infrastructure for streaming live video, video-on-demand, live recording, and video chat. Wowza has a singular focus on delivering high-performance media server software to service providers, media properties, enterprises, and other organizations serious about delivering video to any digital screen — computer, mobile phone, or home TV. More than 100,000 global licensees in entertainment, social media, advertising, enterprise, education, government, and Internet commerce have deployed Wowza Media Server to date. Wowza Media Systems is privately held with headquarters in Evergreen, Colo.
What is Sword and Soul?
NOTE: And say unto them, Thus saith the Lord GOD; Behold, I will take the children of Israel from among the heathen, whither they be gone, and will gather them on every side, and bring them into their own land: And I will make them one nation in the land upon the mountains of Israel; and one king shall be king to them all: and they shall be no more two nations, neither shall they be divided into two kingdoms any more at all: Neither shall they defile themselves any more with their idols, nor with their detestable things, nor with any of their transgressions: but I will save them out of all their dwellingplaces, wherein they have sinned, and will cleanse them: so shall they be my people, and I will be their God. And David my servant shall be king over them; and they all shall have one shepherd: they shall also walk in my judgments, and observe my statutes, and do them. And they shall dwell in the land that I have given unto Jacob my servant, wherein your fathers have dwelt; and they shall dwell therein, even they, and their children, and their children’s children for ever: and my servant David shall be their prince for ever. Moreover I will make a covenant of peace with them; it shall be an everlasting covenant with them: and I will place them, and multiply them, and will set my sanctuary in the midst of them for evermore. My tabernacle also shall be with them: yea, I will be their God, and they shall be my people. And the heathen shall know that I the LORD do sanctify Israel, when my sanctuary shall be in the midst of them for evermore.
In my journey to find the latest and greatest products I have also stumbled into a bunch that I wasn’t a fan of. Nothing annoys me more than when a company advertises a product and claims that it will do various things and it ends up not being able to live up to its hype. These following products I have had for about 2 months, plenty of time for me to fall in love (or in this case hate) with them.
Every day in the news, there is another article about some kind of animal mother someone is claiming to be: a dolphin, a sloth, a panda... all thanks to the original self-titled "tiger mother" Amy Chua, who got all this craziness started a few months ago.
OK-OK CULTURE IS BASED ON FAMILY ♥ OK-OKHANA means family in an extended sense of the term including blood-brotherhood/sisterhood of individual of runners. It emphasizes that family are bound together and members must cooperate and remember one another.
Bad news: My Mac just exploded. Piff. Not reading the main drive. I'm hoping that my backup was working right and caught everything, but I know it was tight for space and I think my editing folder was one of the 'save it if you can' parts.
I’ve been sitting here for an hour trying to figure out how to describe this book without giving key plot points away. It is a hell of a great sci-fi adventure novel with equal parts action, horror, mystery, and some genuinely funny moments that combine to make a great ride.
More underwater pyramids were found off Central America, Yucatan, and Louisiana, where domes were found in the Straits of Florida. A marble Greek style building was found between Florida and Cuba. And what about the column that radiated energy Dr. Zink found in the Bahamas and Zink also brought up other artifacts from his dives over Atlantis, and he was interviewed by Mind International agent Steve Forsberg.
(Original image of T.J. Martley, Ben Leifer, Steve Lambert, Sam Wisman and Matt Otto by Plastic Sax.)
I thought it looked like strength for so long
It does get down to practical basics, any way you look at it.
In any case, there’s a lot of conversation fodder in Brave New World, and it’s a relatively quick read; if you never picked it up for school, I highly recommend taking the time now. Were I to look forward and envision a futuristic society based on 2011, there are elements of Brave New World I think are eerily spot-on, while others seem (hopefully) unlikely. But when the robot dogs come round my apartment to arrest me for owning books (Fahrenheit 451, kids) I’ll be glad I got this one under my belt first.
Mom and Dad decided it was time to clean up the Flying Cloud.
We could just as well have been incinerated as walking around right now. When we pick up my daughter, she is still running around, laughing with absolute joy and innocence and for a moment I wonder if anything has happened at all. Watching her temporarily obscures the horror in my mind, the unthinkable remains unthinkable and my mind moves with my daughter’s movements.
In this famous publicity photo from A Star is Born, Barbra is wearing a gown she designed herself, by draping her silver and black shawls together.
(Or Left Alone) Thank You,
If our kids deep down believe that they are bad and shameful, they deep down have that EXPECTATION OF THEM SELVES….so this was a GREAT opportunity to teach that light, that hope, that possibility to serve and do something great , that EVERY single one of us have in us. This has always been one of my favorite movies.
I’m trying to put some thought into this year without, of course, going overboard and over budget.
In 2004 (right), Long Island University, Polytechnic University, and the Public Art Fund each got $50,000; the Washington, DC-based American Institutes for Research, a behavioral and social science research organization, got more than $76,000.
Oh, and can we cut the morality crap please? Some folks are busting down bills like on-site sales b/c they claim we are encouraging drinking. For crying out loud, they have 24 oz single cans of beer ON ICE at every gas station in the state. Can you say "Drinking and Driving?" We off more guys in the death penalty than China! Yet when a brotha wants to get a few good beers and pay to see the occasional pair of clear heels, they get all fired up like my choices is going to fyck up THEIR lives. I'm a conservative, but this is just too much. I'm sure the Pledge of Allegiance is fine gentlemen, now would you be so kind as stamp out the drug cartels taking over whole swaths of the Valley? Damn shame.
"I know! I can't find anything like it in the literature. Not in humans, anyway."
Tim Wilson proposes a new model of recognising unions that would give equal respect to the civil rights claims of same-sex couples wishing to marry, while acknowledging the long history of practices associated with marriage within conventional religious settings.
"... the ART of living together." ....OR NOT.....
What?!
And do not forsake the law of your mother.
Pop your dough onto the counter top, cover with the up turned mixing bowl and leave for at least 15 minutes or until you are ready to cook and eat the bread.
The veil has been torn and the grave is empty. And I have faith something beyond all expectation is waiting for me. This is, after all, the same God who brought Cora's file to us.
No, because it has the knock-on effect of the computer working better as a matter of practical reality.
The Miami Herald released a photo of George Zimmermans bill from the jail store.
But the truth is that I need to apply myself on those Garfield days. It’s okay to take a rest sometimes to refuel, but when laziness creeps in after I’m rested up, it’s time to fight that urge and get back at it.
“Why extremists always focus on women remains a mystery to me,” U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said recently. “But they all seem to. It doesn’t matter what country they’re in or what religion they claim. They want to control women.” (And yet Clinton represents an administration that openly supports many of those misogynistic despots.) Attempts to control by such regimes often stem from the suspicion that without it, a woman is just a few degrees short of sexual insatiability. Observe Yusuf al-Qaradawi, the popular cleric and longtime conservative TV host on Al Jazeera who developed a stunning penchant for the Arab Spring revolutions — once they were under way, that is — undoubtedly understanding that they would eliminate the tyrants who long tormented and oppressed both him and the Muslim Brotherhood movement from which he springs.
The maniacs at OWB are just as friendly and welcoming as ever and I felt as though I’d not been away any time at all, though it's been several months since my last visit. Knowing that I’d have to get on the road after a single pint, I ordered a serving of The Prick, with its lower abv, and asked for a bomber of Eclipse to travel. The Prick is a prickly pear wheat beer that has a faint hint of sweet breakfast cereal to it – not unlike one of Leinenkugel’s beer’s, the name of which escapes me at the moment. I’m not typically a fan of wheat’s but this one is a keeper.
Heat oil in a vessel and fry the onions till golden color , then add curry leaves , Bay leaf and black stone flower , green chilly sauté for some time and then add the marinated chicken let the chicken change its color slightly then add tomatoes along with Red chilly powder, salt, turmeric sauté for some time . let chicken get mixed with all the dry ingredients well then add the ground paste and sauté for some time until everything coats well with masala .
She made me burlap pillow with our last name on it.
My godiva solid shampoo… Hmm. I don’t hate it, I like the smell now but it doesn’t last. My hair is a whole lot fluffier when I use this but like I said, I need to get conditioner to use with it. I’m on the fence with this one. It doesn’t blow my mind, the only thing about it that comes close to blowing my mind is the fact that its a solid bar and smells like jasmine (my old house had a chain link fencing lining the front yard that was covered in jasmine bushes). Again, not the worst but not the best.
I can honestly say that I hadn't really thought much about repatriation. Of course it's always been on the cards, we are due (at this current time) to return to our Derby home in June 2012. Occasionally we have had chats about whether we want to stay on here; for an extra year, for a few extra years, for....ever....and while I practically get a funny shiver at the thought of staying anywhere forever, the prospect of another year seems nice, and another couple of years? Well, maybe, that would be ok too. But equally, I feel, or thought I felt, fine about going 'home' in June.
HartalMSM has got the DBP publishing standards, and it is clear that based on those criteria, Interlok should not have been approved – but it was. NIAT has shown that Interlok does not meet the Education Ministry’s textbook selection criteria, but yet it was approved.
As for this week we've got a full brewing schedule which will include our new session pales 'Polestar', 'Ensign' & 'The Benz'.
Step 4: Panic.
How to hold it all together when all I want to do is crawl under the covers and not come out.
And I had to read this piece of garbage for my English 105 class. For a philosophy or even an economics class I can understand, but for an English class? There was no reason to make us read this.
Her writings include the evolution of consciousness, motherhood and spirituality, conscious parenting and empowering women to re-connect with their feminine power.
“Well then,” Crow replies, “we better hope that the injuries she suffered are bad enough so that they wouldn’t risk transporting her. Let’s go.” At that, Crow gets out of the car and starts heading over to the hospital. The other two New World Power members get out of the car as well and follow Crow into the hospital.
I have often
The president will not officially begin campaigning until after a winner has been declared in the Republican primary, but his State of the Union address was an framework of legislation that he thinks will be successful in his next term, as well as issues he thinks will be politically advantageous in the upcoming election. His policies and campaign style are winners, he just needs to convince the American people of this.
Greece has had slightly over 20% of its bank-lender debts forgiven. Technically, when the papers are signed on this, it will be in default. Over the last year, Greece has run up its own backside taxing citizens and slashing benefits to avoid this very outcome, because the Athens government was told by the Sprouts it MUST NOT default. Now (under German insistence) it has defaulted anyway.
Coffee Stripe
Ou No it was snowing yesterday too. But here's s little spring spirit in this card, great for Easter greetings.
and mind nourishment to recover. Other times, like now, a new project will encourage my muse to show its face. So thank you Lisa!
2 sting
Previously I had some of their output on LP (…for you youngsters, this is like a big black CD…) and on CD only the famous blue and red compilations. So owning some more on CD, with all the extended booklets, is quite nice.
Press a gun to my temple and let petals
Well, the sequence involves Bud fleeing from some unsavoury types in the Macau Floating Casino. He runs outside and jumps onto a small boat before hurling himself into the water (Bud was actually and Italian Olympic swimmer at an earlier stage in life). Well, stone me if it wasn't actually the water in Repulse Bay he jumps into. You can see by the small islets in the background that this scene was filmed very close to the previous Tin Hau Temple one.
Flowers, charm, & "bronze" baubles: my stash
The purpose of this strategy is to fast your body for the 45min training, which helps you to empty all your energy reserves that is stored as fat.
Now you could argue that in fact the last of these is a reality, but it isn’t: it is German control neurosis overstating the theory that no European Union of any meaning can exist without tight central control…by Germans. The RR approach in these circumstances should be for an analysis of how and why the mess happened in the first place; and then to ask whether German control would work in practice.
I felt good except my feet! I’m in serious pain! I made a critical error and wore my Vibram five fingers. Although, they were great in the mud and on hills, I couldn’t climb walls and on the rocks they were hell! Catching a sharp rock in the arch was excruciating. It was also treacherous having to watch every step on the trails.
It's cheap too, only 80 bucks from zepherpaintball.
Captain Resten of the Carpathia has been instructed to send full details of the sinking of the Titanic.
book cover on people's minds.
~Ashley
Saturdays - school week in review post
Usually we just open pajamas on Christmas Eve but since we had Church at 10 am and we all watch while each other opens presents AND we had guests coming over immediately after church, we opened almost everything from family.
For my first food post, I would like to share a french delicacy with you all. Well, I’m sure everyone has heard of crepes, but some of you might not have tried them. I decided to make some a couple of weeks ago, and they turned out pretty good. Because of copyright issues, I probably can’t post the recipe on here, BUT I can tell you that I got it off of the app Sweet + on my iPad, so if you want to go and get that app, go right ahead. It’s actually a really good and fancy app, with about (I might be wrong) 20 or more recipes on it, mostly desserts and candy stuff. Anyway, its just basically your regular crepes, with fried apples, with all of it drizzled with honey. I tried it, and my suggestion would be DO NOT use honey. I love honey, but smothering crepes with it and then trying to eat it… its just too sweet. I think whipped cream with it would have been nice.
"Of course not, sir," Riker grinned slightly, an ineffectual attempt to hide from the astute captain the touch of nervousness that now clouded his brow. Picard had been in a strange, almost mischievous, mood earlier that morning. He had asked Riker to accompany him to the transporter room to meet their guests. "I believe you will know one member of the team," he had said, smiling enigmatically. And that was the only information the captain would provide about Riker's alleged acquaintance.
Family: husband Brad and two kids, a son and a daughter
Departmental reorganizations tend to be cyclical. No structure is perfect; all involve compromise, a balancing of strengths and weaknesses. For example, you are running a large company with national coverage. To reduce bureaucracy and encourage initiative, you reorganize on a regional basis, devolving considerable autonomy to regional and local structures. Great, but now brand inconsistency begins to creep in, and efficiencies of scale, for example in procurement, are lost. So you reorganize into a national functional structure, centralizing specialisms such as operations, marketing and engineering into single, efficient, standardized national structures.
So I bid you good night, as I have a big day (night) ahead of me. Plus I’m exhausted. Stay tuned.
1a)-Brooklyn Lords, see "Lords of Flatbush".
This Chinese restaurant was not your average restaurant however. It had a different way of attracting customers with its weird and peculiar, disgruntled waiter and his cruel serving. His demeanor and way with customers would spread quickly by word of mouth and would attract tourists and customers from all over. It makes perfect sense when thinking of how it attracted people like it did. When you do the opposite of things it attracts attention, and if you can spin it off in a positive attraction such as acquiring customers then it’s not so bad.
Tie your product to the most important things in life, and you will be fine.
On the last page is the audio slideshow and picture gallery. I actually put these together, so I’m particularly proud of them. Unfortunately, WordPress does not allow you to directly imbed slideshows, so there is a link on the page. Or you could click here. In the slideshow, Jason Russell discusses the broader impact of this research. To summarize, he explains how the process of feed efficiency keeps costs low for producers, and therefore, low for consumers, while still maintaining a healthy product.
As a Japanese person, not to brag, but I am picky about my raw fish. I rate this place well and write about it because they serve descent fish, and it’s fun to go there with friends. It’s made fresh, service is not bad, and they want you to eat good food.
mismanagement of our defence
The label is made from three sizes of Spellbinders Nestabilities Labels 4. I hand cut around the flower and added ribbon and pink crystals. "You've got purse-onality" is from K Andrew Designs Fashionable Friends stamp set!! Isn't it just perfect for this??
Looking at this spread, I’m not impressed. A bar of soap, packets of shampoo, and a tiny sample of cologne… By the way, isn’t cologne supposed to be for men? Why is it in my Glymm Box? As the “bonus 5th item”, there is a NuMe $100 gift certificate towards professional styling tools and hair extensions for their website. Considering I was not impressed at all with the NuMe hair extensions in last month’s Glymm Box, as well as the fact that I still didn’t feel any urge to try them a month later, I’m not dancing for joy over this “gift certificate”. I will check it out just so I can tell you about it later.
7. Date night tonight!
Naturally a joy about music is participating as well as simply listening. This is proving to be a harder challenge as I am trying to teach myself Banjo. I may add at this stage that I am failing MISERABLY. Part of me wants to learn the Concertina or Accordion but I fear the same dramatic failure.
Reforestation of the mind.
(October 20, 2005) “House prices have risen by nearly 25 percent over the past two years. Although speculative activity has increased in some areas, at a national level these price increases largely reflect strong economic fundamentals.”
While this scene has 2 locomotives in it, I was only able to get the 2nd locomotive. The unit is an EMD GP18, #457. The locomotive, also an EMD product, was constructed in 1962 as Missouri Pacific 457, with the Frame #7623-11 and serial #27238. At the age of 9, the unit was damaged in the a-for-mentioned Colutta, Texas wreck. However, unlike the ill-fated MP 615, that was seen earlier, this unit was not a total wright off and was rebuilt, and continued to serve the MoPac for a number of years. In the In70′s locomotive renumbering, the locomotive was given the number of 1955. She carried the number for the rest of her service lie on the MoPac. She was sent as trade in to General Electric in the early 1980′s, and was cut up for scrap by Scrap Service of Joliet, IL. This was all the info I could locate on this particular locomotive.
Beige vest - borrowed from my daughter; I wear it more than she does
Golden City Brewery Golden City Red Ale
Available guilds:
Pearls melt in vinegar.
So, you can imagine that this article caught my eye,and I scoured it and dreamed of a cute, sassy family photo hanging in my living room.
That said, you can take my word for it – do download this album. Do it. Right now. All 16 tracks are available for free on the Bandcamp page, complete with lovable cover art and quirky titles like “Toaster Rodeo” and “Superbeard For Pete”. Don’t ask me what those signify.
But, then I started thinking about it.
Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the Nicene Creed which established the Divinity of Christ.
Maybe just a couple chairs and small table..
And so it was that the recipe that I had chosen for this week became the perfect metaphor. The sadness of finishing the book and knowing that many of the TWD bakers will be going their own way was sweetened by the friendships that have eclipsed the book. Bittersweet indeed, yet the perfect opportunity for two friends to share a brownie.
Imagine my surprise when noting that Josh Barro, noted Forbes contributor and on fiscal and economic policy, was going to take on Derb’s piece at Takimag. I am sure he would sure the world that Derb’s piece was wrong and take it apart piece by piece. That would show the world that the racissssss Derb was wrong, spewing lies on top of lies. This would surely help vault Josh Barro further in the intellectual orbit, perhaps landing him on Bill Maher’s show someday next to Andrew Sullivan. Someday, sport. Someday.
08. Ain't No Easy Way
When calling or email Pixie Vacations, please ask for package code WG7 for FREE Dine or NF3 for FREE Quick Dine.
As you can see on the label of this single Soundioulou even goes as far as to claim that he is the composer of the Malinké classic "Maki". It is not very unusual for artists from African countries to claim the authorship of a traditional song, or even of a song composed by another author. Vicky Longomba of the O.K. Jazz even went as far as to claim "El Carretero". Most artists defend their claims by pointing out that they are the author of the particular version.
In Torah we follow the story about the creation, the first humans, G-d’s covenant with Abraham and his descendants, the Exodus from Egypt, the revelation at Mt. Sinai (where G-d gave us the Ten Commandments), the wanderings in the desert and after 40 years of toils and hardships, the entrance to the Promised Land! Shortly, the message of the Torah is the absolute unity of G-d, His creation of the world and His concern for it, and His everlasting covenant with the people of Israel.
Oh look! A list of conventions!
And gulp cold-throated rain
I actually made two cards with it to share today.. I have many ideas for this stamp and will be sharing even more soon. The first card I wanted a simple but shabby feel to this card so I stamped the lid and ruffle onto some floral papers and used pinking sheers to make little squares for my strawberries using the same papers.
Why is that? We have many more two-kid-moms in non-classroom positions. Less stress? More flexibility? Is our school a typical snap-shot or are we different? Is being a classroom teacher not as family friendly as people assume?
-Follow me publicly
- Jimi Hendrix
9.) Eddie Floyd – “Big Bird” (Memphis Soul). Lesser known song than his big hit “Knock on Wood”
sharp, broken shards of a fugitive history
18) COFFEE OR ENERGY DRINKS?
I used the mixed bunch stamp set--which by the way will carry over into the new catalog!--with the matching punch. After laying the punched out flowers on the background I embossed the entire thing using the Square Lattice embossing folder. Makes it almost look like it is a piece of textured designer paper and not separate elements. Of course I did add the extra element of the sentiment since I didn't think you would be able to read the sentiment through the embossing.
Poison; meditation; skiing; ants—nothing worked. –Edward Albee
It is easy to get psychoanalytic here, considering this is the stuff of Rauch’s own dreams and the structure of the image can be likened to the psychological framework of Sigmund Freud and Jacques Lacan. Can we not see the hidden room as the displaced object of desire -- the place that sings to us and seduces us, the place we always to pursue but never reach? The primal mother. The object of desire for Freud was always present but never overwhelming because of the strictures of the ego. The object for Lacan ultimately was the real, which we can never return to and never fully know. For both men, however, only in neurosis is desire manifest without restriction.
If you want to run a car on water, you’re going to have to do something more than Stanley Meyer did, because if all you’re doing is separating water into the oxygen and hydrogen that it’s made of, then burning the hydrogen and oxygen to make water again, you’re never going to get any more out when it burns, than you needed to put in to separate them. You just go round in circles, and no work is being done.
It's a lesson in human resilience to watch these little beings grow and change over the course of a school year. I've worked at every grade level but the last few years have been focused on second grade. Second graders arrive in September at age seven little, scared, and excited, still carrying first grade anxieties about being full time students but ready to be "big kids" if given half the chance. They come equipped with already strong personalities that suggest nature as well as nurture plays a huge part in who and what they will become. By the end of second grade they read more confidently, write in complete sentences (hopefully), have mastered addition and subtraction, swagger a bit on the playground and speak up more in the classroom.
I wondered recently what the arrangement was at Wells cathedral. Cat-flaps aren't a thing one readily associates with cathedrals. The question arose because on our UK travels last autumn we spent an hour or two in Wells, mostly in the cathedral. There were many remarkable sights to be seen, none more notable than the main altar in the nave, where, oblivious of the bustling ecclesiastical activity about it, a cat was fast asleep on the richly-worked altar cloth.
If you don’t recognize her, that’s Marilyn Monroe. An actress, comedienne and the most desired sex symbol during the 50′s to 60′s. Oh, and she was a size 14 (Which means she probably had a 32 -inch waistline).
Sweet 'N Sassy came out with a poppies set, and I just had to get it because the flowers are so delicate. I also like that it's a smaller sized set - the other poppy images that I have are so big. This one is delightful, and I used it on my card yesterday for the Featured Stamper Challenge at SCS.
So far, no major confrontation has taken place. The newbies have kept one step ahead of the established flock members, and there has been no coordinated effort to mash them in to the aubiose. But as with all things chicken, I can't exhale just yet. The next few days will be fraught for both human and chickens alike. Hopefully, though, at the end I will be left with a cohesive pekin flock (The serama will stay in their hutch home for the forseeable future due to the pekins' desire to turn them in to scatter cushions given half a chance).
One of the best promotional tools any author can use is a personal blog. If you don't have a blog already, set one up. You can use the blog to promote your work, as well as any upcoming work. Link to your sales pages on Amazon from your blog. The higher your blog ranks, the more traffic you will get, and the more referrals are possible for your sales page. You can also write blog posts for Amazon's blog, then link to your book in the signature line. Amazon also has a section of how-to articles on its site. Write an article that is related to the content of your book, then link to it in your signature line.
3. For a Few Paintballs More: Very funny episode, but I wouldn’t say I laughed out loud that much at it. It’s this high up because: 1. it’s pretty fresh in my memory, but 2. it was just so damn fun. This one was an absolute joy to watch. I especially loved the turns from the minor characters that inhabit Greendale (Magnitude, Vicki, and particularly Leonard). Great end to the season.
Perhaps the first aspect of this study that should be mentioned when discussing this papers limitations is the fact that this was a pilot study. This means that the actual research gathered was not of utmost importance. Instead the pilot was designed to test how the group could work together and looking at any problems that may arise in this study that might occur in the main study in Antwerp and Rotterdam which will take place later in the semester. (read about the projects here – about)
A lot has happened this week! In the weird world of Chicago Nerdlesque, this somehow culminated on a Wednesday. Ya see . . .
Far away by a mountain
There's a feral cat group here in Madison that will fix the cats you bring it. When we first thought we had one feral, we discussed a live trap to get the cat and bring it in. Now two?
My favourite subject was English Language. And I was Best in Class. I sat in the corner, furthest away from the teacher because I was the best. The worst at English sat next to the teacher and they would get hit regularly. Nice. The school had an annual anthology and a couple of us from our class got something in there. Shit poems, you know the sort. Teenage boys' poetry is the worst. Especially when you throw in some prog rock lyrics.
I created it in several layers
It can't be a comic situation, radiance spurting energized under the skin;
So seeing this information, I was intrigued, and I had to ask the owner what inspired such a thing, only to find out that her husband Vince, who had just walked into the restaurant, was originally from McHenry, IL, not too far from where I grew up. As a matter of fact, he worked in Barrington, IL for while, roasting coffee at the old "Gray Lady" for the Jewel Tea Corporation. Very small world.
My prayer for Elizabeth Hunt (whom I don't know) is Thank you Father, for using trails to refine us until we shine with the glory of Your Son. The trails of life act on us like wind, waves, and sand act on beach glass. Trails wear off our sharpness and dull our glittering pride. Our trails and crosses point us to Christ and His cross. Embrace us in the warmth of Your protective love, O Savior, and let us meet the challenges of each day with confidence in Your presence and protection. Amen!
Yesterday was yet another beautiful Spring day in New York. Temperatures were in the low 50s when I started my 45 minute run and in the low 60s when I ended my slog. The sky is a clear lapis lazuli with nary a cloud. In short, it was a perfect day for a run. Except, of course, for the tourists who are everywhere, blocking every path you can conceivably run on.
I felt like going a little shabby with all those layers in Jen's Deconstructed Sketch #51.
The book winds through flight and war terminology but transcends historical fiction with its narrator’s fun, relatable, and just basically genuine voice. I found myself practically cackling with laughter at the narrator’s numerous antics, even in her terrifying situation. Elizabeth Wein’s writing is brilliant: the pace and style of words mimic the event that the narrator is telling, long or short, dialogue vs. narration, profound vs. charming.
Violent Playground (1958)
Herodotus
I am in the guilded hall with fat lasses eating scones and lashings of cramming cream. Ensconced between columns of marble they scrape butter pleasure, jam and sup tea from chipped porcelain. Synchronized hand wiping on white paper napkin. Mechanical short locks and dangling ear stand out. Glasses, bespoken spectacles, glitter of ringed fingers and wagging pen. Autobahn in the sun. The fun fun fun.
There is no set time for the unscheduled adjustments before the main session on Wed. 2/3/10 and you can receive this energy at any time. The unscheduled adjustments before the session can be a very powerful time. You may notice many things before, during and after the session. Some people may feel peaceful, energized, centered, balanced and sleep better. Others may be more emotional, restless and lethargic as they detoxify, which is very good. There can be a lot of purification happening on many levels during this time, emotional, mental and physical.
So now I have to take it easy at work. Get used to living with pain in my hand. It’s my left hand and I am left handed. So when I am in pain, I have a problem with writing, typing, eating and all the other stuff I am doing with my left hand.
It involved some sort of terrible misbehavior but I can't remember what I did.
Happy Thursday..i hope your day has been lovely..weeks are flying past so quickly and this one was really fastest one..but i had fun in this week too..flying here and there with it too..
In all your ways submit to Him, and He will make your paths straight.
I love the flavor of truffles but the raw almond texture is not that enjoyable when its mixed with rich, creamy pasta. Plus, I ate this at around 11PM and then woke up to fly back to the U.S. at 4AM the next morning. Not a pleasant morning belch, for me or Kristi.
Hi everyone. Geraldine here and this month I've chosen "In the Garden" as the theme for the June Challenge. This month your creations can be inspired by all things green and flowery plus all the butterflies, bugs and insects that combine to make a garden. Of course, to some of you a garden might be a place to relax and sip a long cool drink while planning the weekend barbeque....and that's allowed!
Why scared?
The same applies for famous personages, if we have to Google them you get a deduction, so we are looking for serious celebrity/notoriety. Fly fishers are good but an easier get _ aim for the stars. We will run all the worthy pics on the blog
And TEACHERS? Some schools won't allow "Sara Has Two Daddies" in their school library, what teacher wants to step into that?! And (SPOILER ALERT) many teachers are LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender) themselves, well closeted and not about to appear as an ally to that "choice."
“This was demonstrated with the World Cup special courts that were set up.”
Q: How many Pulse Asias and Social Weather Stations does it take to change a light bulb?
Whether the change feels bad or good at the moment, it’s all a part of who you are. And who you will become. Because even if you don’t notice it, you are changing with each and every day.
While other students gathered their books and filed out the door, Connor sulked in his chair. Miss Flint returned to her desk, shuffling papers until she had him alone.
This wire cloche I’ve had for a while now. I think it was one of my first ones that I bought. I have it in my kitchen.
1) This is the fun step- naming your plan! This is more fun than naming your weird dog or your garage band. To assist the creatively challenged there is a great website that will help you to find that perfect name that will be crudely drawn across your plan folder in sharpie.
Next is vocation. What will they learn how to do? Will they be public servants like soldiers, teachers, police officers, firefighters, government workers, etc. Will they be apart of the corporate community or will they create the next great corporation through entrepreneurship? Will they be a tradesman? A bricklayer, shipyard worker, a longshoreman, carpenter, or construction worker? Will they be a local merchant or sell insurance?
A little while later Daddy walked into the room and looked at both children sleeping in bed and the chaotic mess in their room and couldn’t help but wonder what happened.
So the 8 year old has yet to ask, "Where do babies come from?" But I swear, the 3 year old is going to beat her to it.
The websites, which I am not goinq to link to because they are all confusing and lacking in anything that looks like administrative process, have nothing, naaaasink, on how to go about joining, or information for expats. A friend who had already navigated this told me to simply make an appointment and register with a doctor, and it will sort itself out there. Cool? Cool.
As it happens they're these books!
The students pitched a variety of questions to James and Peter, particularly regarding the issue of sustainability. This opened up an interesting discussion about the use of regrind and virgin materials, and what how the product designer can help to ensure that the plastic has a good resale value at the end of its life by taking certain steps such as maintaining the natural colouring. This lead to an interesting debate about the use and potential future of bioplastics, with some arguing that producing products from recyclable plastics such as polypropylene, ABS, polycarbonate and HDPE may be more beneficial than using a biodegradable material which cannot be recycled.
Google’s purchase of Motorola, as well as HP’s exit from the PC and mobile hardware industry signals a lot of changes about where the overall industry is heading. Yesterday, I was asked what I thought the long range implications are of these changes and after a great deal of thought, I think the answer is clear. Companies that site upstream from the traditional hardware manufactures (e.g. Qualcomm and Intel) are going to lose their leverage in the marketplace. This is a broad statement, but I think easily supported by changes in the makeup of the ecosystem.
Right now I am sitting at my home in Karad, writing this post. It’s cloudy out there with occasional rain. Mom is planning about cooking somethingi like but I am going to tell her to make something simple.
Oh, and thank you to the handless organist. Truly, truly a miracle.
There were snakes in the open plan kitchen/dining.
To accommodate my laziness and lack of patience...... I baked a 1/2 (stupid stupid me!) recipe pressed into a 8x8 pan lined with parchment, about 1/2 way thru I poked holes and cut the shortbread into 9 pieces.....that I must go hide from my honey because he just walked by and said "those are pretty good cookie thingies".... I will throw him off the trail with mediocre chocolate chip cookies...
Me: I wish I hadn't gotten this vagina botox.
Unable to access twitter & facebook has been the worst part of the imposed internet silence. I realise that I get most of my news from twitter, from trusted 'sources' whose links I follow - and although I could occasionally access twitter on my 'phone I could not open the links - bah humbug! Facebook silence has meant I could not follow the progress of a poorly relative plus I have been down on both my home gossip and - along with the loss of twitter - my political campaigning!
Row 16- sc in each sc and ch around. (60)
Growing up in San Diego, I visited SF a few times as a kid, but it wasn’t until I was in college, in Santa Cruz, that I first felt seduced. I had come up in the summer of 2002 to do an internship at Bill Graham Presents. It was the summer between my junior and senior year, and my friend Mani and I were sharing a room (a converted living room with no actual door) in a building at the corner of Haight and Central. We were both freshly 21, with very little money, a whole lotta heart, and a willingness to give ourselves to the City so she could do with us what she wanted. And she certainly did.
Alcohol by volume: 5.2%
Next stepped forward a lanky somewhat sad looking man with his hair tied in a knot behind his head. He introduced himself as Garrison Graybolt. Next came Konar Wuldcarva who shook Hermel’s hand somewhat awkwardly. A thin man with a narrow face and light brown hair introduced himself as Selig Courtsman. He had frosty blue eyes and wore a wry smile. There was another man with an austere expression, close cropped hair, and wore a tunic on which was emblazoned the symbol of the Elkron of the Sun, Eldrik. He gave a courteous bow of the head, and indicated he was interested in listening to the proposed adventure. This man was named Star of Justice, but he did not introduce himself. He simply stood and listened intently. Lastly, a redish metallic tinged grasshopper landed on Rothomon’s desk. Hermel looked over and thought to swat the insect before it leapt away. However, before he did so, Rothmon stayed his hand with a quick intercession of his hand on Hermel’s arm.
The Review: I was been told to read this book years ago by someone with a reading taste I trust, but for some strange reason I kept on putting it off. Then a couple months ago I was reminded to read this book by the author’s brilliant speech “The Danger of a Single Story” (watch it, especially if you have even the tiniest interest in storytelling) and I was like, how did I not get around to reading her works yet? So I finally checked the book out of the library earlier this month and damn, what a haunting read. Beautiful, intense, and I was a fool for not having read this sooner.
The title of the book is Understanding Psychology by Robert S. Feldman. Just search it if you want to see why I am acting like this.
Well, at least he didn’t jump down my throat, right? He just kind of sat there looking stunned for what felt like forever—eyebrows pulled together, arms crossed tightly across his chest, mouth slightly agape. When he finally spoke it wasn’t what I expected, “I told you this would happen if you kept getting your information off the internet.”
That doesn't change.
"This offence too gives a court the power to sentence copper thieves and unscrupulous scrap dealers to imprisonment for a period of 10 years.
Published Jan. 31, 2010. 1392 views
I made two of them and wrapped them together with florists cellophane and some rather lush Stampin Up Basic Black stripe ribbon. As the candle holders needed a base to stand on to wrap them I just cut of square of the packing card that comes in each pack of Stampin Up DSP.
DH told me last night that I can change this if I want to. That I can make things different, and it made me sad. Because I don't really see how. The things I'd like to change - it's not just my weight or my hair or my hobbies. It's bigger things, more subtle things. At this point, given our dependence on my income, I can't simply switch jobs. I'm not properly trained for much, really. I never pursued my MA. I've just a list of things I'm good at and no real idea how that would morph into something I really want to do. I've never identified my passion.
I love chocolate. Just hearing the word chocolate makes me smile. It conjures up a swirl of emotions for me. I like chocolate cake, chocolate bars, chocolate ice cream, chocolate chip cookies ... you get the idea. I love chocolate ten times as much knowing it's something my kids can safely eat as well.
Hi, everyone!
Confession....this cheesecake serves quite the crowd. We first ate it with our guests the night they came to dinner, I ate a piece with lunch and dinner the next day and then the day following resisted it all day. That night after I got home from the gym, I threw the rest out. I had to, for my hips sake. Swimsuit season is after all...right around the corner.
rejoice in the Lord when it suits you.
Stand Up And Fight
~ Become a fan of Little Nipper Books on Facebook (1 entry)
He was all but settled. The filly with the large nose and larger tits who was sat with at a table with two men and had a laugh that could cut glass. The one at the bar who, although not in the slightest bit pretty, had a mouth that was surely more than capable. If he had to pick from this litter of runts he would require at least two.
I used to be on Tumblr all day every day, so I saw pictures, videos, and event recaps as they came into the light of popularity.
New & Now of what IBB Design Fine Furnishing has to offer! Each week
Best Wishes and thanks for your continued support!
If you are intimidated by cleaning artichokes Magic Spice has created an excellent tutorial aptly titled Taming the Artichoke.
The conference includes the presentation of papers focused on the whole or part of this teaching, seminars on chapters, themes in All & Everything and cultural events. The program is scheduled so as to encourage time for dialogue and the developing of personal relationships outside the structured meetings.
If you ever watched the 1990s television series about the unknown, The X Files, then you will be familiar with the phrase ‘the truth is out there’. I think that the truth is NOT out there at all. It’s in here, that is I have my version and you have your version.
Okay... Here's the part when you continue to read so that you can understand why I said the above. No point in you clicking away from this post with anger or disgust, without giving me a chance to explain myself.
- leek (halved and thickly sliced)
With significant revenue growth in the pipeline, the government in Baghdad is already working on a plan to expand next year's budget by more than a third.
-Programmed speech (like politicians who do not talk to the public, or those who allowed to speak freely)… *When is the last time your politician in high office is allowed candid non-censored moments with the public?
Julia's book is always the place I look to for elegant ideas. Along with the Balleymaloe cookbook (and if I really want to get fancy, the French Laundry) it's the go-to place for classicly prepared, French-inspired food. If I want the "real" way to do a French Onion Soup, or the best technique for a Beef Bourgignon or her recommendations for a leg of lamb, this is where I'll find it. If I'm at a loss for the perfect side dish for a fancy dinner, one that my guests may not have every day, I'll borrow her recipe for something like Polenta Galettes instead of potatoes or rice. Or maybe a Gratin of Grated Zucchini, vs. steamed broccoli. There's no end to the creative dishes and accompanying techniques in The Way To Cook.
Cover-gift – Free Thundercats cover-mount every issue
Absolut Mandarin – 40%
My ex-friend Ashley, started dirty dancing because she was desperate. She is just obsessed with this guy named Austin. She does not realize that he will NEVER like her in a million years. She paid my friend Kris 1 dollar to talk to him for her. She is always following him and talking to him. He like runs away. So WOULD I! Totally. So that was the amazing, wonderful, totally awesome Summit Day.
I choose to bring out the best in my customers, in Jesus Christ Name! Amen!
with La Cuevita, we are perfecting the concept in 2012. We wanted to
one...pause...two...pause...three...pause.
I'm doing some housekeeping in the baseball picture card room and I'd like to tie up some loose Allen & Ginter 2011 ends. I tried to get behind this release but could never fully buy into it.
Instead, it thoughtlessly nominated three panelists and entrusted them with “the responsibility of undertaking a sustained dialogue with the people of J&K to understand their problems and chart a course for the future”. Nothing suggests that the panel will “understand” the “problems” through a few desultory visits to Kashmir and that it’s better placed to suggest a way forward than dozens of recent civil society initiatives. It’s not easy to instil confidence among Kashmir’s widely divergent actors and produce worthy, consensual and practical solutions. In all probability, key groups in the Valley will boycott the panel. Kashmir is indeed the burial ground of countless attempts at mediation.
If you are in a relationship and it’s fantastic, meaningful, passionate, loving and intimate then congratulations! On a level of intimacy I would like to mention a few things. Maintain polarity, a masculine energy is best complimented by a feminine energy. And equally important and vice versa, a feminine energy is best complimented by a masculine energy. Don’t forget to continue to do the things that you did when you both fell in love. Remember, love is a verb. If you want to love someone, then, love them. You do love. You feel love when you do things for the other person that brings them absolute love and joy, that makes them feel valued. Keep writing those love letters, put them under the pillow, sprinkle that love dust on the meal you cook them or the hot drink you make them, keep it fun and playful. Keep dating each other. Try new things in the bedroom and don’t be afraid to talk openly and explore new things with each other. Intimacy when shared between two people soley is a gift.
if you feel that you may be coming down with a case of dragonitis, look out for these symptoms/factors:
Hear about Megas Jonsson
Anthony Bridgerton has decided it is time to take a wife but there are rules. The most important one is he will not fall in love. That is why he set his sites on the season’s belle, Edwina Sheffield. She seemed proper and would make a fine viscountess and absolutely someone he could not fall in love with but there was a problem.
MSR Mugmate
The daily mundane routine returned as usual. I am sure just like me, there are people out there who is searching for that very answer to change their life. I have friends telling me that they are equally lost. Unsure where to move on, unsure what is going wrong in their lives. Well, the best thing that can be done now is to get moving, do something in your life that you have always wanted to do but do not have courage to do so. The constant feeling that something is going wrong in life is due to the fact that life is too smooth sailing that you see yourself stuck at the same situation day by day. Take that bold step to feel the difference in your life and never regret what you do! If you never try, you will never know!
Surprisingly, the reduction does NOT stem from expanded diversion programs. Nationwide, 62,816 defendants were "supervised outside of a jail facility" at mid-year 2011, down from 72,852 at the same point in 2008.
12pm-4pm: Sat at my desk, glued to my heating pad, hoping that the luck of the Irish would magically cure me.
Segregation
crickets answer to a higher power
Back Room Gallery, Fishkill, NY
Caroline Mould
I used my photo voucher to get a picture with Heather Langenkamp. She’s one of the very few people I get really geeky over so it’s hard to walk that line between fan and filmmaker. However, I recently heard a quote from Guillermo del Toro from when he was at the San Diego Comic Con that makes me feel a little better about loving this genre and the people in it: “I don’t know how many years I’ll direct or be able to produce but I know one thing. The one thing I can finance is I’ll be a fan my whole fucking life.”
Look at all the orange Halloween-y goodness!
the sparkle in your kind and loving eyes.
-MJ
Midterms are starting this week; I have one in French next Monday, one in History next Wednesday, and one in Arabic next Wednesday. Courses are going really well; I’ve started French tutoring, and my Sub-Saharan History class will switch soon to student-led lessons. Other than that, there isn’t much to report, other than that Spring Break is coming up in just two short weeks; one weekend left to travel before that. I’ll probably head to Casablanca and Rabat to say hi to my first host family.
Preservatives
Thank God for that!
Finish: Gomshall Station TQ089478
Introducing our "Clear Block Storage":
Gradually add the liquid to the bowl with the yogurt, egg and lemon, beating constantly with a fork.
Reader bios (alphabetical):
Salary Offered: Unspecified
Intimidating: Occupy protestors join immigrant and workers’ rights protesters in Chicago, Illinois
3. There is a requirement to mitigate loss
Already had money and did shopping: once.
Sorry, but he hosted a couple of really shitty music shows. Have you ever listened to the New Year’s countdown? Holy shit, it was absolutely hideous.
MACE, Mid-America Association of Computers in Education, hosts an awesome conference every March 1st. I’m heading up early to help with our ESSDACK booth and to join in on the pre-conference festivities.
You’re not crazy. Please repeat until you believe it.
I give it thanks for the hours spent sitting on the floor in the dining room, leaning against the wall, head back, eyes closed, listening to Shostakovich quartets, Mahler symphonies, assorted Messiaen, Webern, Stravinsky and anything else I could borrow from Birmingham Central Library.
a black and white photo of a ruined house in a woodland
-He buys his ex-wife a Valentine's day gift, but nothing for you.
15. Budget - Sold
Within the square you may want to visit the Tourist Information Center. You can pick up maps here and check out some guided tours. Many chose to do the “hop on, hop off” red tour bus for €20. If you’re not keen on walking and would just want to sightsee from your bus seat (it’s open on the 2nd level), then this is for you. Otherwise, take the unlimited tourist pass for €9.30 (1day) or €13 (3 days) which you can use taking the metro or bus and explore on your own. After all, the metro stops for the tourist sites are clearly marked and Madrid has a superb metro system.
Today was the first day, and they said they would be out every weekend. (Cheffie’s, you picked the right guy to be outside today on the Greenline. Friendly, smiling staff are worth their weight in gold.) Nice for a local business to give out water and juice along the Greenline. I still have to wonder why other local businesses and charities have yet to occupy the corners of the Greenline intersections. Several hundred people walk, run or ride by these intersections daily, especially on the weekend. This is a great way to advertise your business.
The final layer has been created inside the start screen movie clip symbol.
The Rec Room Film Series presents THE MEANING OF LIFE
And yet. Browsing the internet for opinion on the matter, we meet a mass of peremptory protest, which I must now counter-protest. Different than is not grammatically incorrect, nor can it be dismissed as a common grammar error or an eyebrow-raising gaffe, let alone one of the 10 dumbest grammar mistakes. It is neither a nasty and glaring error nor a flagrant grammar mistake that makes you look stupid or dumb. You may call different than abominable, but this is a matter of taste. You may call it ignorant, but you would be wrong, and unaware of the unfortunate irony.
I also realised that, as amazing as mentoring schemes are, we have to look at the big picture. So many young people today have a different image of what ‘family’ means. It’s not mum and dad, it’s some aunty, or nan, or neighbour, or the state even that looks after them. Some are not look after, they’ve had to fend for themselves for the very basic things.
Both big pharma and the fundraising foundations know there is a lot of money to be made off people being sick. I had always been skeptical of the huge groups that sought to fund research and “raise awareness” (now that everyone is aware of breast cancer can we stop with that GD pink ribbon?)
By the way, if Elizabeth Warren is an Indian because she watched Gunsmoke as a child then we all screwed up our own college and law school applications. I saw every episode of F Troop and McHale’s Navy, for instance, which should have entitled me to claim veteran status and made me a member of the Hekawi Indian tribe. I couldda been a contenda.
1. The Song Is You
3 cans (15 ounces each) Italian style tomato sauce
So many reasons
With the recommendations of a friend as well as the locals, I decided to go to Tatsukichi after a long day of work. Tatsukichi specializes in kushiage cuisine, which is pretty much deep fried skewers, less formal than tempura. Fried sticks? what can possibly go wrong with that?
That’s not all. When it comes to solving Europe’s debt woes, Hollande’s view is the antithesis of that of Angela Merkel and German public opinion. He’s already stated that he won’t support the fiscal pact as it currently exists. When it comes to Europe’s finances, he said last week, “It’s not for Germany to decide for the rest of Europe.” He also believes that instead of austerity, the solution to Europe’s debt woes is printing and spending more money. “So many people in Europe are waiting for our victory,” he said recently, “I don’t want a Europe of austerity, where nations are forced on their knees.”
Uh- no thank you, sir.
Those that oppose the market playing a larger roll in the provision of healthcare are opposing the NHS becoming more responsive to our actual needs. They prefer to promote their ideological belief that only the state can provide adequate healthcare, despite all the evidence to the contrary.
Tiny pricks of agony spilled like rabid mosquito stings where the pressure from his bulk had been released. Naomi took one… two, deep, unsatisfying breaths.
The millionaires who stayed behind in America were reduced to buying their food in underground co-ops at 3 times the price of commercial food stores. The wealthy had their food tested for radiation. Customers who took their own Geiger counters to supermarkets to test the food were arrested.
My answer: "the ridiculous nosebleeds while I was pregnant with quads!...blood everywhere! EEK!" (could have definitely used some OxiClean power!)
But, as to what happened – why, even Bottom cannot tell us that…
And help us to share the love with commenting on 2 entry numbers.
"It came up today," he responded.
ME: NO! Not payments. Internet service!
My man had a birthday recently, and he chose these chocolate malt cupcakes to help celebrate. The cupcakes had a moist and fluffy consistancy and the perfect amout of chocolate flavor. The frosting was delicious, but only after it had time for the flavors to marry overnight. I thought it was far too sweet right after making it, so i would frost these the night before so the sweetness has time to calm down a bit. I didn't get an overwhelming malt flavor in the cupcake or the frosting, so next time I may try adding more malt. I'll probably also crush up some malt balls and sprinkle them onto the frosting for an extra whammy.
In the photo above, that pallet is what Dusty planted different types of lettuce, bell peppers, and sunflowers in. They're growing great! That black tub is actually a livestock water tank that Patrick and I snagged from the dumpster at Tractor Supply (with their permission) when we were getting pallets out of the dumpster years ago. The tank had a crack in the bottom, so it couldn't be used for watering animals, but I KNEW it could be useful to me! So I had Patrick take the saws-all cuttin' tool to it twice, and got 3 separate big planters out of it. Yay me!
Name: Sherry Conner-Neuman
3) McCain does lose his temper or directly confront Obama or Jim Lehrer in a somewhat out-of-control manner. This is not out of the realm of possibilities. If this happens, you will see a mad rush away from him like you've not seen since all the people supporting Ross Perot fleed after his "space aliens and dirty Republican tricks" comments followed by James Stockdale's deer-in-the-headlights performance.
Major Nguyen's voice came through clearly, "Copy that, what the frak do you see?"
Caught in a deadly game between the light and dark courts of the Fae, Jane must find a way through the ice to the heart of her Highander. But will the love of one mortal woman be enough to defeat such ancient and ruthless immortal enemies?
Hello again everybody,
One of the things I value from the best filmmakers is the kind of empathetic awareness of human foible that Rohmer seemed to always exude even when his characters could sometimes drive you up the wall with the intellectualizing of their innermost faiths and passions. But that, of course, was Rohmer's great universal subject, at least judging by the films of his I've seen: the distance between intellect and passion, between what one says and what one thinks. Despite films like My Night at Maud's (1969) and Love in the Afternoon (1972) being among the ones lumped under the "Moral Tales" moniker, they were never simplistic or facile in their morals; Rohmer's gaze was by turns ironic, affectionate, detached and exploratory, but above all, it was remarkably alert to the sometimes problematic ways we human beings try to reconcile the warring factions of heart and mind. Even his films themselves embody this dialectic to their very core: talky and intelligent, yes, but also aesthetically beautiful to behold (witness Nestor Almendros's lustrous color photography in Claire's Knee (1970) and Diane Baratier's in Astréa and Celadon for remarkable examples).
She told me that being a blogger gives her the right to post whatever she wants about whomever she wants, and she has no idea why I would be remotely hurt since she has never actually 'said my name' in a blog post. She said I am only looking to be offended and draw attention to myself, and that I 'should have known' that the photo of me would end up on her blog. I have only said one thing to her via facebook when I asked her to remove my photo from her hurtful post about me, which I then quickly deleted, and yet she claims I keep attacking her. I have only briefly and respectfully responded to her blog post in her comments. She told me I am no longer 'welcome' to read her blog, while she freely blogs about me. I find it interesting that she is so hurt and upset over my few sentence response to her that I promptly deleted, yet she can't understand why I would be hurt by 3 whole negative blog posts about me... in which several of our mutual friends see what she writes. Logically, it just does not make any sense. Here is my ultimate point in even speaking up here:
10. love story
This is a version of the principle that the violence of the oppressed cannot be equated with the violence of the oppressor, but it is a wrong and perverted version. That principle means that we should not hold the oppressed to the same standards as the oppressors in the means by which they are forced to exercise their resistance. It means we recognise their weakness, and that as a result some of their methods are more indiscriminate, sometimes more brutal. But, in making this analysis we are talking about such methods directed AT the oppressor, and which only incidentally might badly affect others. It is not an argument to be used to justify, or in any way to excuse or lessen atrocities committed by one group of the oppressed against another group of the oppressed. We do not in any way excuse, justify, or seek to lessen violence against black women by black men, for instance, by reference to the fact that black men are themselves oppressed.
1. “Two and a Half Men” feels lazy and bored with itself, wandering off into a spinoff show about Kutcher and Winkleman with Cryer and Jake slowly fading away — just like the laughs on this popular yet uninspired sitcom.
Jack has given up puttering in a garage, having friends who are available for a bike ride or a face to face chat. He's given up mountain biking, and spending time with his grandparents. For the most part, Jack has given up time away from his parents. That's pretty important for a teen searching for independence. There's not a lot of places to go to be truly away from your parents in a boat. Sure, you can take the dinghy to the beach, or go for a hike alone, but there's not a lot to do. We have gone months without even seeing another teenager. It can be a pretty lonely existence for a young teen.
We know that the most ancient humans of all, lived off the land, not by tilling it, but by eating the roots and shoots and fruits and leaves and any animals they could easily catch. Even today, the remotest of tribes who have managed to escape ‘civilzation’ live that way, live as hunter-gatherers. In the Andaman and Nicobar Islands of India, the Sentinelese, the Jarawa and the Onge live like that even today.
My boss, an associate director, earned about $143,000 annually. She received an additional $65,000 cost-of-living pay, which ensures the same purchasing power worldwide. The UN paid for up to 40% of her $4,000 rent, 75% of her son’s tuition and her trips to home country every two years.
No doubt this will be but a footnote in the ANC's diary, but I think it worth a mention for a variety of reasons. The Union was the result of nine years of negotiations between the various political factions in the formerly diverse colonies, and in my view the Union represented a great victory for common sense and peacemaking following a destructive and bitter war.
Until it plunge into the sun;
Article 36
Onto my page.
“The legal basis of OA is the consent of the copyright holder (for newer literature) or the expiration of copyright (for older literature). The campaign for OA focuses on literature that authors give to the world without expectation of payment.“
10 Truest Love
Better known as my sister's place in Redondo Beach, just south of Los Angeles, it's where my husband and I found rest and relaxation from our roadtrip R&R, immersing ourselves in everyday life in the midst of vacation life. As with past visits, there are no formalities when Mr. Noodle and I knock on L's door - we know where to stow the luggage, where to find the towels and where she keeps the breakfast cereal. Soon enough, we slip comfortably into their regular routine which, for a few days at least, become our own. We join them in cheering on Nephew at his flag football games and share their pride in Niece's graceful form during ice-skating practice. While my husband accompanies his brother-in-law for a workout at the local gym, I tag along with L to the neighborhood grocery, then help put our purchases away in the freezer, fridge and pantry (to be raided later by me in full make-yourself-at-home mode).
“While some of his earlier comments were so strongly worded that they shook some of our audience members, it is never the intent of JEA or NSPA to let students get hurt during their time at our conventions,” they wrote.
The cast of the Sopranos has given an oral history of the show to the new Vanity Fair. Even star James Gandolfini admits the final scene, in which his family goes out to eat and the screen went dark, left him baffled
... that's exactly what it has been in most of Texas this past week. Where we live, we usually do not see many tornados, so it has been shocking in a sense. There have been a couple of times our family has had to camp out in the hallway in the past few years... but a lot of Texas have been doing it on a daily basis this week. It's been ugly... but thankfully where we live the damage was very minimal. Just praying other areas can say the same.
From the perspective of elephant welfare, this retaliatory response is startling. Sanctuary is clearly in the best interest of the three African elephants, Thika, Iringa and Toka. Unlike the zoo quarters in frigid, urban Toronto, the western U.S. sanctuary offers a more temperate climate for elephant residents who graze in the desultory peace of California’s gentle gold and green foothills. Covering hundreds of acres, these expansive, natural grounds are a place to heal arthritic joints, cracked feet, and other maladies that accumulate after years of close confinement, concrete, and psychological trauma. Sanctuary guarantees lifetime care with no threat of transfer. Elephants are able to stay in their foreign home and, barring the eventuality of death, remain with their companions for life.
I’ve read and re-read (parts of) The No-Cry Sleep Solution and I am satisfied that it will meet my needs. As a dog trainer, part of me was hesitant about this book, because the one thing I couldn’t really by-pass in my brain was the little voice that says “cry it out relies on operant conditioning. What could possibly work that does not use operant conditioning, and consequently, CIO?”
Rissad held out the Stable Rod. "I'll fill you in when I get back, then. Can you buy me some time to get away?" Beneath cold ferocity, there was a haunted touch to his eyes, almost but not quite lost in the haggard slackness of the skin of his cheeks.
Last week was crazy and full of some firsts for our family...
Tell me all about it.
Please fade away. Please die.
We now know Lyndon Johnson was far worse than he is presented in current biographies. Far beyond ballot stuffing, bribery, massive under-the-table kickbacks, and being a consummate and pathological liar, Lyndon Johnson was murdering a lot of people in Texas to cover up his eye popping corruption. A prime example is the murder of US agricultural official Henry Marshall in June, 1961, and who then Vice President Lyndon Johnson arranged to have murdered. In the 1980’s, Billie Sol Estes, a close and corrupt partner of LBJ, began confessing to the murders that he, Lyndon Johnson, Cliff Carter and LBJ’s personal hit man Malcolm Wallace committed. Lyndon Johnson, a manic depressive – and at times a barely functioning psychopath – murdered perhaps 10-20 people to avoid exposure before he got his knife wet with John Kennedy’s blood.
I thought of this question because of the little ticket In Grip We Trust use as their calling card that came in each box. It reminded me of the ticket I got when I was a little girl going to the Fox Theatre in St. Louis with my grandparents. This theatre is the most beautiful theatre I have yet to see in my life. There may be a couple in New York or London that can rival it, but there can't be many in the Western world. If you have a chance in your life to see this, you should.
Sometimes I wish I were a scientist. I’d like to invent something or create my own theory. With my limited scientific knowledge, I have attempted to make my alternative theory to the Big Bang Theory.
Cyclists like Moyle and Hutchings cite a lack of both bike lanes and bike parking as a major component of what’s missing from Hamilton’s cycling infrastructure. Daryl Bender, project manager, alternative transportation with the City of Hamilton, says the new multi-use trail over Highway 403 (an extension of the Hamilton-Brantford Rail Trail completed in fall 2011) has an average daily usage of more than 300 cyclists and pedestrians per day.
Then I thought if I'm just having a couple table spoons of milk on my cereal, why not make the switch to skim?
One student attended a workshop on Yin Yoga at Samdhana Karana Yoga, which I had planned to attend but was not able to due to the delivery of a vital piece of home equipment, a clothes washer. Being the solo student, she shared with me some insight about her low lunge. Every time she comes into low lunge, as many of us teach, she had pain in the hip of the forward leg. The advice she received and, later, shared with me was simple and beautiful: allow the forward-leg knee to cant out or walk the foot out away from center line. She showed ecstasy in sharing that because not only did she feel the benefits of the pose but found out that it was okay to be that way. She was given the okay to be how she needed to be to enjoy and explore her yoga. Concurrently, her husband has a stiff back that stays a little rounded in DFD; she said that he was very happy to find out that it was okay. What delightful reminders to play and explore yoga and, simultaneously, be content in the present.
1 Rock And Roll
There are other things, too. Weird questions keep popping up. Do we live near a church, for instance. I’ve never come across that one before, but apparently some poor souls inherited a house and found themselves with a vast bill for repairing the nave of the local church. Does anyone have rights to the trees, or the wildlife? And don’t ask me about radon gas.
I can see morning cars.
In a true Free Market society, there would only be private schools competing for students.
Have a great day and create something you love!
Here is another poem I wrote recently and feel inspired to share with you. I hope you like it:)
If you believe that this country succeeds when everyone gets a fair shot, when everyone does their fair share, when everyone plays by the same rules, then vote for me. I’m just as corrupt as my opponents, but I give better speeches.
Truly a pleasure to see and stay here.
1 serve
I'm slowly working my way through older Magpie Tale Prompts and posting them here on my blog.
According to both rabbis and Christians, this room represents Heaven, the spiritual abode of the Most High. Believers relate the cubed room to the cube shaped New Jerusalem found in Revelation 21-22. This is the final form of existence man has with God, and it never ends.
It seems that in those days the Driskill was quite the home away from home for short-tempered soreheads. Once, Chief Justice Reuben Gaines of the State Supreme Court was hosting a formal dinner in the ballroom. A lady came in late, so Gaines politely rose from his seat. A waiter assumed Gaines had gotten up to carve the turkey, so he pulled the Judge’s chair out a little more to give him extra room.
I am one broke, but very happy girl today !
Have a lot more energy today though and can still feel the release. Its nice
An Abyssinian maid, did curvaceously simmer
“Certainly, of course,” replied Rothmon. “Now let me see… this was an unofficial mission as I recall,” he said talking mostly to himself as he pulled some papers from a drawer and began pouring over them while flipping beads on his abacus. “Yes, hmmm… at first I supposed it might be a 1st or 2nd level mission, but in the end I was compelled to believe it was 3rd level after all, given the dangers. And you did complete the rescue and all the children of the Hagglesmith Horde were rescued. And you uncovered a long standing mystery and brought new revelations regarding Doctor Lobe to light. And as well, you made some interesting discoveries regarding the underground layout of Dunn’s Bridge and its link to the Five Crows Tavern. And not least of all you managed to help break up a kidnapping ring, and bring those villains to justice, two of whom sit in jail at this time, and one of whom died what I believe was a very unnatural death indeed. He was withered with old age on his left side, if I get the story straight… is that correct?”
Endless negotiations. Not with God or the universe, with him! 50/50 split of everything is hard when you are dealing with multiple countries. I have made it easy – You keep that money, I’ll keep the cars. I keep the furniture and the value is equal to your shipment so I pay for that. I’m trying to keep this as simple as possible. He will actually come out ahead in the 50/50 split because the “stuff” isn’t an equal split. He will end up with more of the stuff than I will. And I really don’t care. It’s just stuff. He can have all of it if he wants. If it will fit in a box, take it! But he keeps wanting to hash over things we have previously talked about a billion times and starts accusing me of mishandling the money and on and on and on. I am about to get ugly with this negotiation.
The three heroines this time round are three high schoolers, Sakai Wakana (CV: Takagaki Ayahi), Miyamoto Konatsu (CV: Seto Asami) and Okita Sawa (CV: Hayami Saori).
Think about those questions.
Each theme can be selected by four bloggers on first come first bases. Exception being for Indian Thali theme. For this, I will accept more than four bloggers.
Seth Mokitimi’s granddaughter spoke eloquently of her family’s pride in their grandfather and of this place that would be an embodiment of his vision for theological training and formation. “If we can inculcate a sense of balance, then there is hope,” she said.
07 Cattin' At Keynote (Lim) 2:43
I do not forgive her my beautiful, drifting sister Bea. I do not forgive her my first brother Ernest, who was priest in Peru, until he became a lapsed priest in Peru.
Tonight was a lovely night, a lovely night indeed.
Fuck me.
The color RED is often used to symbolize the Feast of St. Joseph , who is the patron Saint of all Fathers, Workers and Families.
You see, this is the great thing about the friendships I have formed on the internet amongst the writing community - they are true and deep running friendships between like-minded people. And I gotta say it's just like meeting one's oldest and dearest friends when you meet in the flesh.
Here's a little bit of what's happening now... my new laundry room. I know a laundry room might seem boring, but I am soooo excited. Right now my laundry room is basically the mechanical room with a washer and dryer crammed in.... so my new space seems downright luxurious!
I was genuinely surprised to receive these awards, but am very touched that Sophie, Juliette and Di included me in their choices. I understand with these awards there are rules, and that I should select five bloggers to pass them on to. The problem is I really love all the blogs that I follow, and would like to give you all an award, so how can I possibly choose? Well.....
Les Moonves once told me ALMOST PERFECT was the best show he ever cancelled. Somehow that didn’t make me feel any better.
Row 4- ch1, turn, sc in each sc and ch. Finish off.
8 results as the multiplication of the powers of the Divine father in their extension through the Son; (2×2=4) x 2=8. On the tree this is played out graphically by the paths leading first from Kether to Chokmah, thence to Chesed, and so on to Tiphireth and finally Hod. Baphomet is the great androgyny, the spermatozoon pure creative energy.
6) Nefarium - Ad Discipulum
Cameron tough guy all around. He is a racer, a lover of women and has traveled all around Europe but now he has to come home to see his father in a coma. As he passes away he is there with his two brothers and a little boy. Cameron has to make a home for Seth, a ten year old, that is being rumored to be his father’s real child. But those are rumors and Cameron wants them gone. With the help of his brothers they will find a way to help Seth.
At the going down of the sun and in the morning
It was standing room only at the public meeting in Verwood last night as residents planned their next move to stop Hampshire County Council digging up 700,000 square metres of Moors Valley Country Park land for sand and gravel extraction.
Let's face it. Most do-good exercises have failed. Communism, loosely defined as a caring-sharing economic system where everyone contributes what they can and gets back what they need, was an unmitigated disaster with untold human consequences. Even Nationalism, or national-socialism, which claimed to care about all members of the Fatherland family, only did so by eradicating anyone who didn't fit the profile.
in the noisy confusion of life,
In a corner of the mind
If a child is forced to wear a jacket, then she is robbed of a chance to feel cold enough to know when she really needs one.
* seeing brilliant colored lights or balls of colored light
Now I just have to remind myself that one unplanned day of rest from working out is not going to ruin my race this Saturday...darn those mind battles...especially for those of us who are so stuck on routines and planning. :) As my friend told me after I told her about my break "It's good to listen to your body...it might help you to be refreshed before your race."
He said "All you've done is grated some fucking cheese on them". And a smile broke over the manager not waiter's face. And he entered full indignant mode and from high on his moral ground he rained his "Calm down this is a family restaurant" wrath upon the boyfriend. The woman and her boyfriend ended up leaving the restaurant without eating. The woman was embarrassed but the boyfriend had learned a valuable lesson, and this was the lesson: Never, ever swear, because even if you're trying to be reasonable, even if you're being provoked, even if someone says as hurtful a thing as they can think to say, once you utter the word 'fuck' then you are forever the bad guy. It was a lesson that served the boyfriend well, for many, many years.
[IMDB link] [Netflix link] A horror movie about gargoyles?!?! Gargoyles is our favorite animated superhero series ever!! This makes watching this almost a form of completionism… After all, when else would I watch a Made-For-TV horror movie?
TY: How do you deal with rejection?
I met my first good friend because she was my roommate. Other people I met at work or at random concerts in Central Park. New York is pretty straightforward about who she wants you to meet and who not, so I am not too worried about how my social life develops.
Perhaps he got too close.
What the hell is happening to me? I have a huge crush (no pun intended) on the portly Brooke Elliot, who plays the starring role on this hefty series (again, no pun intended). The show really does give you a mouthful (no pun, please) of entertainment, as it is “dramedy” that touches all the right buttons at the right moments. It’s got everything going for it, plus the fact it is one of the few shows my wife and I can watch together – she’s more of a soap opera queen.
The date on my birth certificate, you see, is the very reason that I twice have received the official stamp of disapproval from would-be employers in recent months.
And before my friend be wholly hers,
Click on the link and check them out....
*Post other DT member names & blog links on your blog
Carved from fungus, once living, in woodland of France;
that number.
A reader has written the following:
I should have trusted my instincts and skipped the commentary on Tea Obreht’s recent Orange Prize win in Book Site That Must Not Be Named. (Here's a link to a tweet to the piece. I can't bring myself to add to their pagerank by linking directly). I knew better than to expect cogent, insightful thinking about one of the more interesting literary prizes around. And still I clicked through.
In honor of that, this is going to be part 1 in an occasional series of posts I'm going to make on this blog. This'll be where I compare an early set of lyrics to a later set of lyrics for one Joy Division song. Sometimes I may compare multiple sets of lyrics of just one song to each other. When you couple in a lot of the live variations to certain songs, you can get all sorts of results. My first choices are...the studio versions to Atrocity Exhibition.
"my dad made me jam, thanks dad"
Add several drops of vanilla extract to your gallon of paint to mask the head-aching paint fumes. It's that easy folks! Give it a whirl!
Here's a look at the classes I'll be teaching
Aside from the LOLcats and the dumbfounded face of Keanu Reeves, I keep seeing the “Most Interesting Man in the World” pop up. And I thought to myself, late last night after a round of whiskey, “Shouldn’t the site mascot actually hold that title? Aside from being batshit insane, he’s been a secret agent, a cowboy, a superhero, a lawyer, a decorated combat pilot, and a nuclear physicist.” And that was just in one year.
So far…at 28% through the book would I recommend reading it? Absolutely yes.
You need to be aware of two things, though. First, your memory of that-blog-post-that-filled-in-the-missing-piece-to-the-scene-you-were-working-on might have gotten the memory of the-one-piece-jumper-suit-you-saw-someone-wearing-and-made-you-fear-they-might-be-coming-back-in-style spilled all over it. Second, all those new memories that get poured into this bin every night fall on top of all the other memories there, pushing everything down a bit. The ones at the very bottom get pushed out that tube, and fall right out of your brain. So you don't want to wait too long to go dumpster diving, or it'll be lost forever.
Anyway, recently, I was hiking with a small group of students near the Nature Center when suddenly we heard a tremendous popping noise. My reaction was involuntary, "Hey, what was that?!" We heard laughter-- lot's of people laughing in fact-- and then Pete, Dodge Naturalist Extraordinaire, poked his head around the corner of the building. Pete smiled innocently, "We were just exploding dry ice."
I have things to do. MANY things to do. I could work 24/7 for the next 3 months, and I'd still have things that were late. But, I am not getting it done. Heck, I'm not even getting started. I try to tell myself there will be rewards, and that progress comes from completion. When I get my "list" completed, I'll be able to move on to the next thing. I guess some part of me just doesn't believe it.
10/3 - St. Louis, MO - Pop's
I will give the film two kudos. One, the special effects were good. The Hulk bears an uncanny resemblance to Eric Bana, which is a nice touch. You might even thik the special effect sequences are worth seeing the movie for. Be my guest, but brace yourself for what the movie is really about. The other kudo goes to Nick Nolte for playing the abusive Brian Banner. He is an unappealing character, but Nolte plays him to the hilt.
It is purple, turquoise and white/silver. And we put selfmad cookies on it.
After studying the draught beer menu:
I am including it on here because IT IS AWESOME. My confidence comes from the Word of God, I know it’s authority and am excited about what this passage highlights in our lives.
I tried to reach behind the cabinet, but there wasn't enough room. Laverne crouched at the other end, just waiting, tail swishing.
If I'm to rival Monty Don
However, we don’t have the time, money, or kitchen staff to pull of such an epic event. With a limited budget and only two of us cooking, we decided on a traditional family-style Victorian dinner of only four courses instead. I drew up two menus and we chose between them on the basis of time, access to ingredients, and personal taste. Here, for your edification, is the meal we decided NOT to serve. I've included the original Victorian recipe (with few extra notes for the modern cook).
Click around some of the posts.
I started this blog soon after I found out I was pregnant with our daughter, Hannah. Since then Eric and I have had a lot of growing up to do, and some stretching of our relationship, some really hard moments and some excellent ones too.
But I read an article today and want to share it. The writing is delightful with phrases like “…a frenzied donnybrook fight…” and, “The first rule of understanding apocalyptic movements is this: If someone tells you the world is ending, believe them. Because for them, it probably is.”
Since I am Canon shooter, I decided to stick with Canon lenses. I bet you are curious and already know that one of them must be a macro lens, and it is - Canon EF 100mm f/2.8 USM Macro lens. I also treated myself with Canon EF 24-105mm f/4L IS USM lens. Both are excellent lenses. I have not been able to use the macro lens as I cannot find anything tiny small (may be microscopic) to photograph, meaning small creatures (probably hibernating at this moment), however, this lens is great for portraits.
For monuments to endure.
My mom is an amazing person. I can't make this stuff up.
Baby just wants us all to be surprised. I'm kind of glad
I was sixteen, tall, skinny and awkward; still trying to work out what clothes suited my gangliness, still wanting a style of my own. I wanted originality, but nothing too scary, something that would make people look, but not comment and never laugh; I wanted something more than Topshop but not quite punk.
3. "My Own Life"
And there’s the Apocalypse.
The U.S. can mandate or possibly commandeer specific groups with proper equipment to work on this cleanup...but do we have the equipment at hand? The past department heads who allowed all the citations against BP to go unanswered, need to be held accountable as well.
Except when it comes to Will. Even as the office storylines, both professional and personal, get more and more interesting, Will remains mired in his investigation. He pursues this investigation doggedly, ignoring advice, warnings, and threats. This should make him seem heroic and principled, but instead Will comes off as stubborn, inconsiderate, and ridiculously, improbably lucky--during an FBI lockdown of his building, for example, he manages to sneak unseen into his office, which allows him to discover that a listening device placed there had been removed, and to conclude that whoever placed it there works in the building. In some ways this is another example of how seamlessly Rubicon transplants the conspiracy story into the real world--when the hero of a standard conspiracy thriller is told by a source that to give him classified information would jeopardize their jobs or lives, they are usually throwaway characters we don't care about, but Rubicon draws these characters well enough that we can't ignore the risks they're taking. The problem is that Will does ignore those risks, and that he himself is so closed off that while we're sympathizing with the people who put themselves on the line for him, he is hard to sympathize with. Dale came to Rubicon fresh off what should have been a star-making turn on HBO's The Pacific, where he managed to convey his character's intelligence, humor, and passion with a single look, so the fact that Will is such an emotionless blank is clearly a choice, and one that should have worked. Will has been emotionally shut down since the deaths of his wife and daughter (on 9/11, no less), and his investigation forces him to engage with the world--in positive ways, as when he starts a relationship with his bohemian neighbor, and less positive ones, as when he deals with the aftermath of killing an assassin in self-defense. But there's something very arrogant and off-putting about Dale's performance. He never really sells Will's grief for his dead loved ones, his anger at the perversion of justice happening around him, or his determination to prevent further loss of life. It's hard not to conclude, finally, that the events of the season are nothing more than an intellectual puzzle for Will, a protracted and costly expression of his need to understand, to know, to be right and in control, and yet the show doesn't commit to that reading of the character either, leaving an empty hole at its center.
Children
Although I was excited at the idea of seeing Potter film memorabilia in such a close environment, I was a little worried that it would turn out to be like the Star Trek exhibition that Mrs H3 and I visited some years ago which had promised much and delivered very little. But from the
HAWAIIAN BAKED PORK CHOPS
God solves being blue or discouragement – by giving people hope, focusing them on the future, and putting them to work. One of the reasons people are sometimes blue is they can’t see the future and especially a future for themselves. Sometimes just talk will not totally help a blue person and more needs to be done in their lives. God broke Elijah’s discouragement by putting him to work and He will break your discouragement by giving you a task!
I thought facilitators would be more shepherdly. I thought they would call attention to how we deal with each other in class or after class, to let us know what we do well and what needs improvement. They give themselves 15 minutes at the end of the semester to accomplish that and they are always frustratingly vague. I feel like all I ever hear at the end of the semester is “we love what you do! do more of the same and then you’ll be exceptional! your quality is always great but your quantity is lacking!”
- Remember the name of this road, says Tom.
I actually took time to brainstorm and think about what I wanted to do for Mike. I wanted the cake to be a surprise so he didn't know anything about it. I sketched up my idea and took it to our baker and she was overjoyed at the idea of making his cake. I had brought two different ideas one that might be less difficult to do, and one that I thought would be the most fun. She chose the most fun option and the cake was born! I gave her the topper to scan and print on fondant - yes I said I hated the stuff but it's the only way we were going to get the illusion of a stack of records!
Chambray: JCPenny
I have dabbled in selling clothes online before and had turned my tiny house into a small warehouse filled with clothes and accessories and was enjoying it, but it wasn’t giving me the excitement that I wanted and needed. So one day I came up with the brilliant idea (I think I am a pretty smart person) to have a party and invite all my friends to show them all the items that I had for sale.
DALLAS
In the end, I developed a technique which I call 'poopee'. Essentially, you poo just like you'd pee - from a distance, aiming into the bowl, firing an arc of feculence through the air to its target. Given the fact that I was, more or less, pissing out of my arse, this was quite simple.
I was also nominated for another little blog award a while back, but now can’t find the original comment or email. So if it was from you, please don’t take my lack of response personally. I have a head like a sieve.
of little faith, why are you talking among yourselves about having no bread? Do you still not understand? Don’t you remember the five loaves for the five thousand, and how many basketfuls you gathered? Or the seven loaves for the four thousand, and how many basketfuls you gathered?
Not getting The Look = losing ticket/average to lousy day.
Granted, if they had a sidewalk guy and his sign said 'ENTER IN REAR' or something of the like, I would still have to pull over just to give him a high five, you know, in the name of comedy. As long as he’s not the one administering the procedures, because then maybe just a fist-bump, followed by a lot of hand sanitizer, might be better. For the record, most medical procedures are not recommended to be purchased purely on impulse (unless the purchase is Emergency Medicine that you suddenly need due to bleeding from the head or something).
The process may not be taking the route I would have preferred in getting past this fiasco and there are days I feel like it is not even doing what the hell it is supposed to do but it is: it is teaching me to fill the emptiness and the voids with ME. It is removing the rotting wood and dead weight; it reminds me of my accomplishments, my strengths, and my triumphs. It is showing me my mistakes and reminding me that whatever I feel I deserve is still not enough…when I want to settle for treetops, it pushes me towards stars…the process shows me that while I think the limit is the sky, in actuality the sky is nowhere near the limit. The process is taking the empty vessel I was and filling it with rising levels of self-everythings. The power of the past is no match for the positive power of self and this is what the process is giving me…a positive self-image.
Gerald! Look! Look! I am invited to a party!
that the dragon is big and it’s not a foam… a poem/song of the water dragons’ hunters.
What did you think of this episode? Did you enjoy the introduction of Leroy and Hiram? Are you hoping for Samcedes? Were you disappointed there was no epic Brittana kiss? Give me your TwoCents below or over on Twitter!
Title Of Album: The People's Groove
Yes, I'm tired . But I'm also glad to be 63. Because, mostly, I'm not going to have to see the world these people are making. I'm just sorry for my granddaughter.
RANKS OF THE DEPARTED ... LISTED SELECTIONS
I keep a little spreadsheet each year of what I'd like to have in the pantry at the end of the season and what I actually end up with. This year I have a few new things I want to try putting by like pesto, sauerkraut and crock pickles.
“We are not anti-uranium,” Helms quotes Linda Evers of Milan, a Post-'71 uranium miller who formerly worked for Kerr-McGee and United Nuclear Homestake. “We are anti-killing people to get uranium. There's a big difference.”
One of the earliest crafts I tried was crocheting, taught to me lovingly and with superhuman patience by my grandmother when I was just five years old. Years later, I discovered sewing, largely out of necessity in order to have pants and blouses that fit me at 5'10" tall. In middle school, I taught myself to knit. I learned by trial and error, following pictures and diagrams and ripping out many a row until I got it just right. By high school, I was good enough to knit sweaters for my husband and boyfriend (who is now my husband of 30 years and my biggest fan!) for Christmas.
Brand new 12/29/09 freestyle from two of the nicest Latino DJ/MC's ever to lay they hands on some turntables and on occasion kick a freestyle on the mic...
5. Fibre also decreases the time it takes for food to pass through our digestive system, reducing constipation (along with a good fluid intake.)
Cook about 2 minutes or until bubbles appear. Flip. Cook 2 more minutes or until browned on bottom.
16) Until The Sun Dies (Part One) – Crystal Antlers – from “Tentacles”
He looks sincere, and possibly is. The crowd knows this. They hate him. Drinks fly into the ring, as do rolls of toilet paper and the occasional t-shirt that shows Da Infamous DiZ in his pure face mode. There are curious chocolate-colored stains on the shirts.
You'd be surprised how inventive you can be if you put your mind to it. So give it a go sometime either for fun or if you're writing something. Before you know it you'll have gotten your entire character list from watching a few strangers walk by.
showed me a very nice photo of himself. He was laughing. He then told me 'I want mommy to take
Dear Lulu publisher,
That leads to humble acceptance
2. Combine 1 teaspoon mustard, oil, and next 3 ingredients in a small bowl; brush evenly over chicken. Place chicken on grill rack coated with cooking spray; grill 6 minutes on each side or until done.
So why would the Thai government even consider sending so many refugees back to Burma considering the circumstances and the detrimental affect it would have on the Thai economy? The relationship between the two countries has always been rocky ever since the first Burmese attack on what was then called the Kingdom of Siam in the 1500s. The modern governments have been trying to maintain good ties through trade and mutual support, and Thailand even supported the entrance of Burma into ASEAN, despite international outcry. Burma, at times, has accused Thailand of supporting rebel troops who take refuge in the camps and periodically attack the Burmese military. Could this be an attempt for Thailand to show its cooperation with the Burmese government by returning its people, and more importantly, delivering the ‘rebels’ into the hands of the military?
Big Day Out by Jacqueline Wilson, Illustrated by Nick Sharratt (Ages 8+)
‘Samaras has also said he would reject a coalition administration, but has nevertheless been a bit yes and no about it. In many ways he is right to be equivocal: with perhaps nine Parties likely to win seats in the new Parliament, it is impossible at the moment to foresee all the possibilities. But I understand that Samaris would welcome a Coalition without PASOK.’
Her request for the private room (rawr) made me especially uncomfortable because uh, wtf are you going to do to me that would make me want a private room? Turns out, she was just going to molest me quickly and send me on my way, so awesome.
i c sweets
It cited the star’s personal
Why? Because I am not normal. And THAT IS the direction I’ve been called.
"Not too bad" is my situation normal - diarrhoea, tiredness, sometimes pain, a sprinkle of malnutrition and a pinch of nausea. The hardest thing for people to understand who aren't ill, is that I really don't notice any more. It doesn't hurt less, I don't feel less sick, I just don't notice.
Then I got this funny visual about when I was a little kid (not that I'm that much more mature now) and having a tiff with my younger brother about fighting over some toy. You know, both of our hands on the toy pulling back and forth screaming "Mine!", "No, mine!".
32. Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH - O'Brian (1971)
continuing in thanks...
Let’s see what pans out over here!!! This blog will be carry pages from my mind.
That's a little bipolar humor, y'all. Think about it for a minute...
"The Bar" I told you our place is tiny! Mint Juleps with shaved ice (that our Margarita maker made perfectly) and the picture had a batch of Oaks Lily cocktails-both were a hit. I scooped up the Beverage Dispenser from Crate and Barrel - Melissa over at For the Love convinced me it was perfect and versatile, for a more girly affair I can rest it on a cake plate with a doilies :) She the best
Many times in my life, tears of joy have streamed down my face uncontrollably.
I know that i've posted what we want to do in our bedroom, but of course we've gone a completely different direction. Instead of the classic feminine look we were going for before, we took it a different direction and decided the more contemporary West Elm look is what was more us. I still am going to order this lumbar pillow cover for the lumbar on our sofa though, because i cannot get enough of this print and CWD textiles...
3/4 tsp pure vanilla extract
Grab a tool.
Where: Lake Quinault, WA (home to the Roosevelt Elk!)
Supreme Allied Commander, Atlantic/Commander in Chief, U.S. Joint Forces Command (‘00-‘02)
They regard themselves as a cool, young sub-set of the Goths.
We cannot go for miles
Poor Roshan Seth was never really used as much as he could have been - we still recall, with great fondness and awe, the subtle genius of his performance in Gandhi (particularly when he confronts Gandhiji after one of the fasts) and the wondrous, dreamy texture of his take on a displanted Ugandan in Mississippi Masala (maybe the only movie where he gets his due). That man could be soulful, people! Such a Long Journey is a rare chance for him to play the lead, and it's intriguing and, ultimately, very satisfying to watch his complex, whiny, miserable, redeemable Gustad. Naseeruddin Shah and Om Puri - the usual stalwarts - have very little to do, but it's nice to see them (especially Om Om Om Puri!). Soni Razdan did what she could, given that - yet again - the ladies get relegated to being concerned mothers, shrewish crones, whores or sexualized secretaries. Oh yeah, or Indira Gandhi.
Into Thin Air by Jon Krakauer. This was another book that just really stuck with me. The story is of a fateful climb up Mt. Everest, and I learned so much about climbers and what motivates them and the sacrifices that they make to do what they do.
I got so much more out of it than I ever knew I would.
On the commercial front, there are some interesting beers out for Autumn from Sierra Nevada.
4. Favorite quote? “You can run your whole life and not go anywhere” – Mike Ness of Social Distortion
How many? We don’t know. Our best guess is five million to six million prints and contact sheets (each sheet, of course, representing many discrete images) and 300,000 sacks of negatives...The picture archive also includes 13,500 DVDs, each storing about 4.7 gigabytes worth of imagery. When the Museum of Modern Art set out to exhibit the highlights of the Times archive in 1996, it dispatched four curators. They spent nine months poring over 3,000 subjects, working with two Times editors, one of whom spent a year on the project. In the end, they estimated that they’d seen only one-quarter of the total. If we posted 10 new archival pictures every weekday on Tumblr, just from our print collection, we wouldn’t have the whole thing online until the year 3935.
When asked, Mom responded that she thinks we know each other well enough to post on this sensitive subject. In our neighborhood, garbage pickup happens on Mondays and Thursdays. As a result of Martin Luther King’s birthday, the garbage truck did not visit on Monday. Boy did our garage get stinky even with the mandatory big green waste bin keeping our sealed inside bags contained.
clay butterfly
and flood each gate that censors Thee.
This cake is a little bit involved than many of the cakes I made and I realized that the ingredients are not things that you could find in a grocery store or even whole foods, but some substitution can be made. I guess I need to make two versions of this, the complicated one and the simpler one, just like the first ferrero rocher I made before, using rice krispies instead of feuilletine, and nutella instead of gianduja paste. The amount and the recipe is definitely different but you can get the same textural balance and same great taste. I still need to work on the "simpler" recipe as I lost it when I made it last year, but I'll try to post the recipe whenever I make another one (and not losing it) :). The "complicated" version is still on my scratch paper somewhere, with little notes here and there, no direction even. I don't have the picture of the inside and forgot to take a quick snap on my slice, so this is all I got. I realize there's not much variation on the pictures, but I was lucky to at least got a few minutes to take pictures :)
I did a 1.5 mile warm-up and then cranked the treadmill up to 7.5 MPH at a 1.5% incline. Woof. That first half mile felt rough. I took a 2 minute rest break instead of 1:30 and then tried again at closer to 8:20 minute/mile. Still rough. Not sure what was up with that. Too fast? Legs too tired? This cold I seem to be fighting off? I took a quarter mile rest break and then tried one more time. I only made it a tenth of a mile before I called it quits. I just wasn't feeling it. But, I'm guessing that sometimes it's smarter to end a workout early instead of pushing through when you're fatigued. I ended up doing 3 miles total on the treadmill and was sweating in places I didn't know I could sweat. So 2x800 instead of 4x800. I think the treadmill and I do better on 400 meter intervals. I'll have to remember that for next time.
-Saturday we started our first little garden for our backyard. They are just seeds so they have a long way to go, and a lot to learn. I hope its successful because we planted a TON of seeds! Keating "helped" and dumped out an entire packet of lettuce seeds... we aren't even sure if you can plant lettuce in the south right now, but if so we should have about 80 lettuce plants give or take!
Sometimes, quarrels erupt; they have less room.
I got this sweet tshirt in the mail from Brittany formerly of Molly Lou Gifts Blog! I have made the sweetest friends via blogging! It is adorable!
Mr Farnham's scout hut (First Lilliput Sea Scouts in Poole) is at the end of a potholed ridden lane/bridle-way.
“They don’t call him anything else?” Looking over the rim of her glass as she watched Emily eat, Tara’s inquisitive eyes studied the little girl. Emily shook her head no, her mouth filled with pancake so she couldn’t answer back. “What does your mommy call him?”
Jimmy Sommers
The Bata Shoe Museum hosted a preview of God Save My Shoes, a documentary film about women's passionate and often obsessive relationship with shoes. The film features top shoe designers Christian Louboutin, Manolo Blahink, and Bruno Frisoni, as well as women shoe lovers/collectors from New York, Los Angeles, Paris and Milan, including Dita von Teese and Fergie. Experts, including Dr. Valerie Steele, Director and Curator of the FIT Museum, and Elizabeth Semmelhack, Senior Curator of the Bata Shoe Museum, give thought-provoking interviews on women's obsession with high heel shoes.
They dry to a beautiful texture that goes beautifully with a nice cheddar.
When all is said and done, who will be the last woman standing at Nigel's side?
That trip in January fell through, and once I hit my third tri-mester, I told Keith he wasn't allowed to travel without me. When they rescheduled his trip for March, he passed along my request, and his company paid for my plane ticket! We had an awesome weekend (Fri-Tues), and met some really great people that lived in Venice Beach, Ian and Alicia.
Once we’ve done about 45 minutes of math, we’ve been moving into science. The specific activities have altered each day. Some days we’ve watched youtube videos, and I’ve had the kids take notes, sketching different ideas of Rube Goldberg components they’d like to incorporate into their own machine. Some days we’ve just built stuff – you saw the one complete contraption, but I’ve had them build smaller components too, mainly out of legos. We tried and failed at an experiment with pulleys (I bought the wrong kind of spring scale; the correct one arrived in the mail just this week). And Eva’s been finishing the last few robotics models in her Lego WeDo Education kit. We’re having such a good time. The video below is a little carousel that Ian created; my assignment was simply to build some kind of machine that he didn’t have instructions for.
Products used
I love to watch this movie over the holidays, but I’ve found when I’m going through a tough time or I know I’m in need of a serious change in my life and I end up watching this movie, I’m crying like a baby when Diana starts singing “Home.” Then I need someone to pick me up off of the floor by the end of Lena Horne’s song, “Believe in yourself.”
You raise your optimum weight by 5kg.
Solr was nearly perfect on all of them. And ultra fast (like I said, less than one-tenth the speed of the same MSSQL search on the same index – again, both MSSQL and Solr caches were cleared b4 queries).
CMO Turtledove Puts Marketing Stamp on Company
GENERAL
The lockdown of Dataran Merdeka has started and the next 48 hours we have to muster all our resources to take us to the vicinity of Dataran Merdeka and walk amidst the tear gas and chemical laced water sprayed from water canons, because this Government is resorting to third world mentality to torment its people. Must we be scared “No” why ? we must not fail our next generation. JOM BERSIH
Somehow he hurt his back and ruptured a disc. We tried prednisone and then opiate pain meds. The last two days he could hardly walk, couldn’t climb stairs and just screamed in pain. He wouldn’t take his
As a soul goes up in the sunset flare?
Oh and there was the whole of the beach front to explore or just lie down on on a sun lounger whilst someone came and brought you a bucket of water on ice and Pacifico beer. If you wanted a snack, they'd bring you that too. Or you could swim up to the poolside bar and order a margarita.
August 4, 2009. I’m well inside Yosemite somewhere between White Wolf and Porcupine Flat campgrounds. I park in a turnout to take a lunch break among the granite, pines and aspens. As always, I can’t resist my boyish urge to throw rocks at defenseless trees. I don’t believe this will send me straight to hell when I die, but it might add a day or two to my stay in purgatory. Unless, of course, humankind, in our arrogance, has the concept of God, the universe and the afterlife wrong. Given man’s track record, this is likely. For all I know, God is an oak tree the size of Jupiter. If that’s the case, then my eternal soul is screwed and will be summarily dropkicked across the galaxy to the cheers of all the trees I ever hit. Or I might just be brought back as an urban tree or shrub for poodles and chihuahuas to pee on.
Stress, in any form, is a constant part of life. Our bodies are tested on a daily basis. Whether being exposed to an under-the-weather co-worker, having your butt kicked in spinning class, arguing with your spouse, being laid-off from work, or consuming foods riddled with toxic chemicals, it’s never-ending. Carrying the burden of stress, the anticipation of it, or even someone elses, can have a huge impact on your body and mind. I learned that the hard way when I threw my lower back out the weekend before my busiest week at work (last week).
in the store. I'm running all of them 20% off through February and the Bundle is 50% off! The mini is free and you can find it in my store by clicking on the preview below.
- Favorite shows I watch while working overnight.
Antiques Market
Take your plain piece of 3 x 3 cardstock and adhere this to the inside bottom panel to cover the ribbon (this is the right panel in the photo, I had to take the picture this way to fit it all in). This is where your post it notes are going to be fixed to so there is no need to decorate this with DP as it will not be seen. Take one piece of card matted with DP and adhere this to the top inside panel.
When the canvas frays
I'm currently obsessed with this song and it's driving the midget crazy. But it's awesome!!
My Twilight Zone, my Dr. Who, my personal wormhole, burrowing through space and time. The faithful friend, my arch nemesis. The sadistic personal trainer. My cordless power tool. My thorn-less rose garden. My punishment, my reward. My paradise, my prison. The habit I can’t kick, the dangerous affair that I can’t end.
After reading and re-reading the “Et in Arcadia Ego” section of Brideshead Revisited, spending many a sunlit day with my friend the Mead, and pondering what are the halcyon days of life, I took a bit more interest in the story of Ceyx and Alcyone. Then I read “O! Happy Mariners” and was catalyzed into writing.
Cheers to good times! #TeamofWe
The trouble is only augmented by the show’s ambition – to literally let most of science and religion in, then to offer what amounts to a third term which proposes to reveal limitations in both the knowledge of science and religion. I think of religion: using myths and prayer to interpret physical evidence, forming theories of morality and politics that drive many people in the world to action. I think of science: fixing its Helium leak in France in an attempt to split more protons, collect more data, and learn more truths about the state of universe. And then I think of Arceneaux’s show (and much contemporary art like it): symbols and data culled loosely from both science and religion, simply praising shifting contexts and hoping that something will happen. The show at Vielmetter feels thin, not worthy of the belief (that writers on Arceneaux seem to hold) that somehow this type of art making trumps religion and science, that its “knowledge” that there are indeed no universal truths is somehow helpful. In my mind, it is enough to scare me back to truth.
Applications for Student Council are now available in the main office! Election packets are due Monday, April 16. Elections will be held in TAG on Wednesday, April 18. See Mr. Walther if you have any questions!
Today I'm linking up to showcase some of
get on your nerves.
Culled from: DiscoverGod.com
I have decided to enter this card into the latest ABC Christmas Challenge where the theme this week is "Yipee it's almost Christmas" so anything goes. I have used one of my Magnolia Stamp Club stamps and coloured it using my Copics. the papers are from one of my Nitwit collections with bazzil as a mount. The snowflakes are cut using a selection of various sizes of punches and the ribbon, gems and glitter are from my stash.I have also used glossy accents on the heart on her top.
O thought that L needed a little assistance.
1lb shrimp, peeled and deveined
I didn't expect it to change so easily or so well but my new dreamt up Laundry Makeover works!!! With very little effort I have successfully kept up on laundry for a solid month. "Kept up" is the wrong wording. I feel like I'm not even doing it anymore! It's so simple! What was I thinking, why did it take me so long to realize that the way I was doing things was simply not working?
Hello Friends/reades I'm back. Life's been hectic with work. Today my blog's first anniversary and I don't want to miss posting on this special day. I hope I will be regular from now on.
I'm willing to guess the word "chain" might not have the best connotations for loyal HowChow readers. It's OK, I usually agree. As a longtime food blogger, I can fully understand the merits of Victoria's duck fat fries compared to the limp, salty things you get at Checkers, or the superiority of a hot-from-the-oven Coalfire pizza to anything advertised as remotely "artisan" from Domino's. But not all chains are bad. Some are even great. Case in point, Rita's Italian Ice.
How can there be any “dignity of the office” of a liar? Whether it is George Bush or Barack Obama, there is no dignity in dishonesty, corruption, greed, narcissism, or even the wars we pursue.
8) I get to write a lot of fight scenes: You can’t write about an assassin character without her getting into some serious trouble and taking on loads of bad guys along the way. Both Gin and Gwen get into lots of battles, which means that I get to write tons of fight scenes. There’s nothing I like better than writing a fight scene and showing how my heroine uses her skills, smarts, and magic to defeat the bad guys.
-Pre-heat your oven to 375 degrees and prepare a baking sheet.
ribbon flowers
This past Monday as we had summer like weather, I have decided to take out some of my summer clothing and show you all a typical summer outfit would look like. The pieces I have on in the photos, I have bought a couple years ago so I am not sure if they will still have similar pieces.
! Increased Performance Levels
Payouts, which in past years have amounted to £500,000 to the Queen and more than £100,000 to the Prince of Wales, will remain secret because publication has been deemed an invasion of privacy by the European Court of Justice.
We will update when the surgery is over on Thursday.
Lord, You are God of all, and all the world in its fullness is Yours. Help us to be people who advance Your will, not those who hinder it. Don’t let our ways, our education, our doctrines get in the way of how You may choose to work. May we not be so rigid or stubborn that we miss what You’re doing, Holy Spirit. Give us a fresh vision of Your Kingdom and aid our imaginations in finding creative solutions to bring freedom, hope, and love to Your world. It is by Your love and grace that our lives are true testimonies of Your ability to use anyone. We continue the cry of Isaiah: send us, Lord, send us. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, Amen.
* Place water, egg, tang zhong (use 75g), sugar, salt, bread flour, cake flour, milk powder in the pan of the bread machine (according to the sequence as stated in the instruction manual of your bread machine). Make an indentation on the flour and add in the instant yeast. Select the Dough function of the bread machine and press start. Leave the lid of the machine open (this is to prevent over heating). After about 10mins of kneading, add in the 45g of butter. Let the machine continue to knead the dough. After the kneading cycle has stopped (20mins), Stop and Restart the machine. Continue to let the machine knead for another 20mins. Remove dough from the bread pan.
painted the sign above the bed on a piece of a broken antique crate.
This is what the Church believes.
Last weekend, Macedonian Prime Minister Nikola Gruevski expressed confidence that the police will find the men behind the slaying. “I have never seen the police so motivated and focused on solving a case,” Gruevski said.
The women who work on “The Daily Show” have said, in response to a recent Jezebel story about the show’s “Woman Problem,” that they don’t feel marginalized, but the fact remains, the most powerful positions on most shows are usually occupied by men.
Today I know that it is Red Nose Day here in Australia. I know that this cause is very close to one of my BFF's hearts, so that makes it important to me too.
Acrylic and paper textures
riding in the darkened night.
None of us can, please believe me, and if perhaps you think you are, I'm sure there is a slack somewhere. And more than likely that slack will be found in the amount of sleep you're getting Mom. Not good.
Thanks for the great run. It will always be a special time to me.
My contribution to this week's
Foul - You will receive a foul if you step over the foul line.
UBC remains committed to providing our academic community with the resources it
Read and annotate chapter two of Lord of the Flies. If you haven’t already, ask your parents to sign the syllabus. Your first character journals are due tomorrow.
The site states "Hyperthyroidism is the most common hormone abnormality in cats. It is very rare in dogs. It is a disease of older cats. The average age at which it is first diagnosed is 13. Nine out of ten cats that develop hyperthyroidism are over ten years old."
Division II Bulletin Preseason Top 25
Over 16,000 songs were submitted for the contest this year. Judges for the contest this year included Tom Waits, Tori Amos, Ozzy Osbourne, Simon le Bon, Lucinda Williams, Jeff Beck, Robert Smith and Trombone Shorty.
Sounds easy enough. I think I can, I think I can. I know I will. (Just a little pep talk to get me going).
1. I was shopping for copious amounts of food.
I all so did habbs some itty bitty bumpies what are coming and going, and Dogtor Mark look at them all. He say they are 'pustular dermatitis' what are resolving their own self.
Never underestimate the power of a sunny spot.
Because of that I never liked to acknowledge was that the truth is I was naturally a fine bass player and only an okay guitar player. Do you really aspire to be in the rhythm section? Nobody notices you there. And you get no respect, Rodney. Nearly everyone thinks the bass is just a dumbed-down guitar, and that anybody could play it. Thanks. I’m sure anybody could do your job too. So here, watch the birdie.
I should take pictures instead of writing a story. I'm ridiculous.
The importance of this trip is greater than the magnificent achievement of the actual crossing, it gives an insight into the ways that the first settlers of the islands may have thought; after all the problems of the voyage were the same regardless of the time period, nature in all her savage glory has no special concern for our personal advancement as a race, and will treat all humanity the same throughout the ages and the spaces of the world.
2. Use your hands to mix it all up. (My mom was upset that I didn't have those clear disposable kitchen gloves as she is the type of person to wear gloves while driving or hiking.)
Colouring Medium ... Copics, Spika Pen & Sakura Jelly Roll Pens
peace , love and pistachios.
Historic Reynolda Village
These affordable games are portable versions of favorites such as CONNECT 4, HUNGRY HUNGRY HIPPOS, GUESS WHO? and BATTLESHIP. When the vacation is over, kids can pack these games in a backpack for fun on the school bus or during an after-school play date. The games are packed full of fun and great to take anywhere! Make sure to grab some before traveling this holiday season! Check out hasbro.com for more info!
Our biggest piece of advice is to organize and research. Give yourself only one or two tasks at a time so as it does seem overwhelming. Everything will and does get done, but having a focus helps keep you sane. If you are planning to send save the dates or a wedding website, this might be a good place to start. This takes some of the stress out of having to choose another vendor and helps get the bride and groom excited for what is to come. If an engagement party is being planned, it is also a good time to focus on that and have some fun before diving into some of the other tasks. If the engagement party is the only pre-wedding party that you will be having(i.e. no bridal shower), bride and grooms usually opt to register. If this is the case, registering for the party before the invites are mailed will also be priority.
That technology of theft and deception that has been exported from the United States through their promotion of this fraud as the paradigm of global finance is an obscenity that has set the seeds of its own destruction.
I don't wanna live like you
M & M's (plain, pretzel, peanut...whatever floats your boat!)
Jerome: The same things are treated under various figures; whom above He called labourers and husbandmen, He now calls builders.
Halloween’s come a long way.
These all came from Orion Children's Books, are out now and are for under-12s. The Gathering Dark: The Grisha 1 by Leigh Bardugo is coming from Indigo at Orion in May and is a major US YA fantasy, published in the US as Shadow and Bone.
Above: The iconic St. Basil’s Cathedral, one of the most photographed buildings in the world. Lenin’s Mausoleum (right) on Red Square — featured in GOLD TRAIN.
The mistakes these authors and writers make are quite jarring to those of us who list guns as a hobby, a passion, or a profession; and they can ruin our enjoyment of the work. And for those who don't know, and aren't interested in guns, it spreads unrealistic, or even silly, stupid, or dangerous, misconceptions about guns.
Level 20: MP Cost: 28, Damage: 310%, Number of Attacks: 4, 30% to inflict darkness on the enemy and lower it’s accuracy by 20% for 80 seconds. The last attack is critical.
How do transitions niggle their way into our art practices? I have been thinking about this alot lately. It is obvious to me that I'm experiencing change in my art practice and I wonder how this begins and what triggers the transition. My work is becoming more sparse on the top surface, but much more complex beneath - I'm still painting with my darker palette, but more and more the work is shifting into more ghost like images beneath the surface - lighter colors on top - it is still very much me but with a bit of a different voice - I'm shifting between the two palettes quite unconsciously but landing more and more in this newer vain - I'm enjoying more of the mystery in this newer work - I'm loving this new exploration - new edges to push - I love that this transition chose me and I didn't choose it - I'm wandering this as an explorer which is exciting to me.......
Glock 19 9mm, carried Appendix-Inside-the Waistband (A-IWB), with a dedicated Streamlight TLR-1 mounted. Yes, I conceal carry a weapon-mounted light. It's not that hard and it's not that uncomfortable (not that it's comfortable either, but it's tolerable anyway). I've beaten this equine carcass repeatedly, but I've never shot anyone with 9mm or 5.56mm and failed to have the rounds do their jobs, as long as I did my job. End of argument/debate/discussion/lecture/proselytizing. If you want to carry a tricked out, custom 1911A1, because it's what LTC Cooper carried, and you believe you should never carry a pistol whose cartridge doesn't start with point-four, then knock yourself out. I don't give two shits.
I had to ask around. I had no idea what she was saying.
Are we deficient in any virtue? Oh supply it, that we may exhibit a perfect
But at the end of the drive I'll see my grandparents, will get to spend a little bit of time with them, and will get to have my eyebrows done by the only person that has ever not screwed them up (and thus the only person I let wax them besides myself).
Both, both, my lord.
Khirad: Khizar is gay, Ashar. He liked my duppata. Gay men go nuts for chiffon and pretty girls.
5. Help stop the Little League arms race. Kids’ sports are becoming ridiculously structured and competitive. What happened to playing baseball because it’s fun? We are systematically creating races out of things that ought to be a journey. We know that success isn’t about simply running faster than everyone else in some predetermined direction. Yet the message we are sending from birth is that if you don’t make the traveling soccer team or get into the “right” school, then you will somehow finish life with fewer points than everyone else. That’s not right. You’ll never read the following obituary: “Bob Smith died yesterday at the age of 74. He finished life in 186th place.”
I know Laura loved the 85mm. Jenny is quieter but I gathered she liked the 85mm too. It's kind of a built in personal space buffer...that 85mm.
I peeked around the corner of the desk. White hair puffed on the top of a head like a cloud. The professor. He shuffled to the stage in full academic robes. His knees cracked, and the sound echoed through the room.
Here, in case you want to hear it, is "A ciegas," sung by the cantaor (flamenco singer) Miguel Poveda. Just click: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E3CJiJX-qLE
Andries heard his wife's calls for help and set upon the attackers with an axe.
Personally speaking, I'm not playing this kinda music just for the sake of the retro-wave. It's not even a problem to me: I like this old-school metal revival and I've always been madly into old-school thrash, death and grind revival. Musically speaking, I wouldn't see myself anywhere else. It seems like a commercial: PLAY FOR PASSION, NOT FOR TREND! But I can't think any other way. And most of all, we are talking about an "elite" sub-genre, I don't know why some people only want to be rockstar playing in a death metal band.
In addition, note these three points:
I learned if a spinning top is in motion balance is taking place by its constant movement. Once the top has stopped it is no longer balanced. When you think about it, movement balances the body. Imagine your-self sitting in a chair at the computer if you notice we all lean forward the space between our back is hindered by the back of the chair and it causes an imbalances in our motion. So, we move our legs, hands, feet constantly while we are in a sitting position.
Arlington, Massachusetts (population 42,844): A retirement party was thrown Thursday night at Town Hall honoring outgoing Town Manager Brian F. Sullivan, according to the Arlington Patch. Sullivan worked as Arlington’s top administrator for eight years of his 37 year career in municipal government, and is set to retire later this month. Attendees arrived at Town Hall at 5:30 for a cocktail hour, followed by speakers honoring Sullivan. After a light dinner, incoming Town Manager and current Deputy Adam Chapdelaine spoke on Sullivan’s behalf. Chapdelaine will replace Sullivan beginning Feb. 24.
A large Celtic cross stands on the edge of old quarry near the Glencree Centre for Peace and Reconciliation in County Wicklow, Ireland. The cross itself comes as no surprise, such crosses are found across Ireland. What makes this cross worth a comment is what lies below.
2 lose
i'm entering this into this months Tea Time Treats, hosted alternatively by Kate from What Kate Bakes and Karen from Lavender and Lovage. The theme for this month is Easter and I thought that rather go with the traditional I would make it my traditional Passover celebration which falls at the same time of year.
Author: Erin Morgenstern
Ready? Set! Sew!
Her debut single "Stone cold sober" reached number 17 in the UK charts, and the debut album "Do you want the truth or something beautiful" was issued by Epic Records at the end of 2009.
W had his last Sunday School (CCD) class. His report card was great and the teacher said he is a wonderful student and did great on classwork and tests. I got a bit teary-eyed with that, because he got a 35% on his last test. He was upset with himself and felt very stupid. He'd never told his teacher he was dyslexic. So, the next week he mentioned it and said that it takes him a little longer to read and needs a little more time to take a test. W has no issues with it and is comfortable talking about it. The teacher allowed him to re-take the test the following week. The first time it was open-book. The 2nd time it wasn't, but W still got a 70%. He was over the moon with joy and so proud of himself. I was too.
Have to admit and acknowledge this particular trait, which is both good and bad – I can be quite opinionated at times. Plus, I generally don’t have this “Respect of authority” attitude and mentality so common among village folk. It isn’t really “arrogance” – just a simple “I don’t really care who you are… My respect for you is dependent on how I think you respect me.”
Born Betty Mabry in North Carolina, Davis grew up in Pittsburgh and had decamped to New York by the early '60s, where she gained entrance into hipster musical circles courtesy of the clubs she frequented -- and one she worked at, the Cellar. She first recorded around that time, and also put out a 1964 single for Don Costa's DCP imprint. Her first major writing credit, "Uptown" by the Chambers Brothers, came in 1967, before she'd turned 20. One year later, she met Miles Davis in New York, and they were married by the end of summer 1968. Though their marriage didn't survive the end of the decade, Betty Davis was tremendously influential to Miles, introducing him to psychedelic rock and even influencing his wardrobe. Miles' 1968 LP Filles de Kilimanjaro featured her on the cover, and he wrote the final track ("Mademoiselle Mabry") for her.
The sidebar material in includes information from Mike’s LinkedIn account as well as links to his tweets, Facebook, LinkedIn and Flickr accounts. To check up on what he’s doing, we just need to click on one of the links.
Africa. South Africa, Botswana, Namibia.
Ta da! All done. Hudson is really interested in this one, so I think it was introduced at the right time. I like that it was free (using materials I already had on hand), non-plastic, and not over-stimuating. And if I should ever disassemble it, I can reuse the ribbon again and, of course, use the hoop for a different project.
I am very happy about moving the buffet from the back to the dining room. We had to move our huge big tube tv to do that, but I actually prefer the tv in the parlor. It has a couch and is more conducive to seating large groups. Our eventual plan is to get a flat screen that will fit in the armoire (the other tv is one inch too big) so that we can close the door on it, and pretend it isn't there. Anyway, I have arranged many of our daily supplies and books into the buffet in the dining room which makes them much more accessible. I wish I had thought of it long ago.
Reader Dave sends two photos of a barred owl (Strix varia):
The Organized Kitchen Label Kit is 11 documents in an easy to use, print and label format - the ideas are endless. Get ready to label your entire kitchen - canisters, spice jars, dry storage containers - and with plenty blank labels, you can label other things in your home as well. You can print the labels on clear label sheets, vinyl, white sticker paper, colored paper, printed scrapbook paper......
This actually applies to all plastic furniture that we use on the terrace or in the garden. The answer return their whiteness or purity is … a toothpaste. Squeeze a whitening toothpaste on the brush and rub vigorously. Then polish with a soft cloth.
Stay tuned…
PS – The ice bath afterwards was SO COLD!!! I let my body cool down too much first, doing chores and such, so I was shivering in the bath. Now THOSE were fervent prayers!!! Now I may start to taper off for Bloomsday on Sunday…..
expense of big beers, you extreme crybabies; everyone's gaining), and the whole idea of a lower-alcohol, higher-flavor beer is gaining momentum. Why not? Because some people think it should cost less? News for you: thousands of cans sold disagree with you. I do think we'll have to have this pricing issue out one of these days, but the people have spoken, for now: they're willing to pay for flavor, even if a smaller group
If you think that your church could benefit from the expertise and enthusiasm of a Latin American ‘reverse missionary’ then get in touch with us.
When Mick Ward and his partners opened The Irish Embassy Pub in downtown Durango in 2008, it was a truly unique place within the context of the local bar scene.
I am not there, I did not die.
This new book series, the first peer-reviewed English-language series in anarchist studies by a major international academic publisher, seeks to promote the study of anarchism as a framework for understanding and acting on the most pressing problems of our times. To this end, we invite proposals for original manuscripts that exemplify cutting edge, socially engaged scholarship bridging theory and practice, academic rigour and the insights of contemporary activism.
The options here felt good, at first glance. I did not get very deep into these trees, but the possibilities are exciting. They should help to make your character feel more like your character… though I fear there will eventually be “cookie cutter” or pre-determined “best” talent builds, just as there were in WoW.
announced and told the guy, his papers were not found, that he never did his registration during the admission process.
So we get home, get to bed about 3.30am. 5 am my daughter wakes up screaming. She wouldn’t calm down. In the end, my wife took her downstairs to play. I tried to follow, but my wife insisted I stay in bed as I had work and she didn’t.
As many students will be fully aware, preparation for exams and essays can be incredibly stressful. Whether at school, college or university, students will likely have some form of revision or studying that needs to be undertaken over the coming weeks and months. The anxiety and nerves that are caused by exams, as well as last-minute cramming, can lead to students developing a poor sleep routine, which will only serve to hamper their ability to perform to the best of their potential.
thing of music being treated as a joyous thing, part of life.
The ex-girlfriend told police that she had just ended a seven-month relationship with Terrell, sparking an argument that escalated when Terrell allegedly grabbed her, causing bruises on her upper arms, chest and neck, according to court records.
No not the LMFAO song. I have better taste than that.
2005 Maume Gevrey Chambertain 1er Cru Lavaux St. Jacques (100% Pinot Noir)–A fabulous wine from the first ‘vintage of the century’ in Burgundy. Brought by the same friends who brought the Corton-Charlemagne, we popped and poured this before the white was all gone. The nose was somewhat muted, but started to give off some raspberry and ‘forrest floor’ after some aeration. On the palate, very balanced with bright berry fruit and gripping acidity. Outstanding. 92 points.
1 often
Well there are three basic scenarios one gets to see post a relationship break up. The first is where you two are both repulsed by each other and never want to see each other again. The second is where you both want to get back together in equal measure. And the third is where one of you definitely wants to get back together, but will need to earn the love of your ex boyfriend or ex girlfriend. So given that people in the first case won’t read an article on how to get your ex back, and the second case require a simple call, a ‘miss you’ and a little coaxing, means we are only left with the third case. To get your ex back, you will end up doing a lot of things, most of them wrong, a couple of them right. So here’s a dos and don’ts guide to get your ex back. Let’s start with the don’ts because you’re so likely to make all of these mistakes.
The Irish Republic
"are you american?"
G. Oliver Koppell
These three characteristics argue for some kind of selective advantage, and not a random founder effect. Among Ashkenazi Jews, the selective advantage seems to be improved mental processing. Indeed, Tay Sach’s is one of four different genetic illnesses that are unusually common among Ashkenazim and that affect the same metabolic pathway in brain tissues (lysosomal storage). Homozygotes suffer neurological degeneration, mental retardation, and other neural problems. Heterozygotes, however, may be better at mentally demanding occupations (Cochran et al., 2006; Frost 2007; Murray, 2007; Zlotogora, 1994).
Renewable resources students Benjamin Wolff and Michael Curran, working with the Wyoming Restoration and Reclamation Center (WRRC) and BP, are collaborating with Conservation Seeding and Restoration (CSR), a reclamation contractor for BP, to identify effective and timely reclamation practices.
Davis (our oldest son - will be 10 soon) was suppose to have surgery (his twelfth ... but who's counting?!) in August ... but due to circumstances that could not be controlled ... it was rescheduled for December. He was relieved ... and it really did work out because he would have missed out on the several weeks of summer fun. This way he can still play flag-football! It is all about sports for him :O)
-THE NEW JERSEY SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS-
Emma Donoghue’s Room
If you have a hammer:
So with a year’s understanding under their belt and the newly confirmed status as the RenaultSport factory team, the RB8 has taken a step forwards in KERS packaging. Now the energy storage appears to be slightly revised, with the unit inside the gearbox swapped for floor mounted units. In this exclusive picture from MichaelD in Melbourne, we can see the units remain fitted to the floor when it’s removed. The two carbon fibre cases are closed with aluminium tops and are provided with electrical and cooling connections. They sit in the final section of flat floor known as the boat tail.
1 unchanged
I feel… Guess? Yeah, I feel scared of going public and people recognising it is me who writes. It feels much more safe being only @gati_presumida or @TuLupus…
Proverbs 9:10 uses the word fear,
Enjoy your day,
Alan had in effect prepared a lecture more like a military briefing; something I daresay as a senior Intelligence officer during World War 2 he would have done many times. Every word was exact in its meaning and there was no wasted phrase in any sentence. Every paragraph was a package of orderly, detailed information. Each page was a literary gem.
In that spirit, let me add to the mentions of shale.
The woman was married to defendant Robert McClain, a former Los Angeles County sheriff’s deputy, and pretended to castrate her 23-year-old boyfriend as the husband watched, prosecutors previously said.
You know the saying "the camera adds 10 pounds", I believe there should be an addition to that stating pictures posted to Facebook add another ten.
"Prevent future suffering."
I said, “No, entertaining my Cousin Harold. He’s a writer, too.” I neglected to mention that Harold did his writing on various indoor Poop Room walls.
“Fortunate Son” was delivered by Skylar with her bouncy high energy.
Yeah, I’m really focused at work. Oh yeah, I was reading that Betsey Johnson is filing bankruptcy so I went to the website to see if there was anything I could use my gift card on. Then I saw these…and I’m going to buy them. Because they are perfect.
My mom was able to come and watch the kids for us so we could go to NYC overnight...
Steven Pauwels, Brew Master
Twitter: @ottawasunkroche
TO EVERYONE WHO PLACED AN ORDER AT THE CORNER SHOP: I'm doing a workshop on bread making today at my neighbourhood centre. I'll be in touch with everyone tomorrow.
The City and The City - China Mieville
about a minute ago · Comment · Like
What started as two separate projects from tournament fighter Mike “Mike Z” Zaimont and artist Alex Ahad, meshed into a single game that not only gained the support of newcomers Reverge Labs and hungry rookie Autumn Games, but even gained the attention of veteran Konami.
- Classroom management and appealing to different learning styles
“We want to be part of the community,” says Jon Olinto, co-founder of b.good, a new eatery in Burlington. “We want to give back and be a local-oriented small business. And we think serving locally-grown, natural burgers to kids is a good thing to do.”
*UPDATE: Due to the recent information becoming available about plagiarism by The Story Siren, we will no longer be participating in any of The Story Siren's meme's including IMM and The Debut Author Challenge. While we would still love to visit everyone's blog on the linky list - we will not be a visitor on her site any longer. We shall try our best to visit the weekly posts of others that we normally visit on Sundays and will continue to visit those that leave us a link to their weekly post as well. - Jessica
Sitting in a giant swell whist mountains of water crash past you is fucking exciting. I'm not that good a surfer. I'm a good swimmer, comfortable swimming around in it but only a weekend warrior when it comes to negotiating the surf with a 1.7m pointy fiberglass board with blades (three of them for good measure). I caught some good ones, got smashed and rag-dolled through the washing machine a few times. I judged that my bigger 'fun board' was too big to duck dive easily in this swell and I needed to be sure I could get under the waves - the tradeoff is that as you select a smaller shorter board they are slower to paddle and when you try to catch a wave you have to be exactly in the right spot (you can't paddle in or out as fast to be in the right place) and you tend to end up higher on the face before you have the speed to 'pop' (i.e. stand). You do not want to be up high on the lip of a wave tied to a fiberglass block resplendent with points and blades as the wave breaks or it will throw you forward and you will get to experience water in a whole new way. Shorter boards are also less forgiving about body position on take off and if you are too far forward they will nose dive, catapulting you forward into the abyss only to be met by the lip as is crashes down and aquatints you with the bottom before it surges you around a few times. But short boards move over the water more nimbly once you are up and running.
DCWV "the Blossoms & Butterflies stack" I found this really cool Sketch
John always came after Tom because he cared. He would understand. He cared about Tom, so he would understand if he were to call him. Tom thumped his fingers along the edge of desk. What would he say? It was never this hard to call John. John was always upfront about his emotions. Tom could read him better than any book. A lab report wouldn’t come between them, would it? Tom glared at the aforementioned document. If he just told him… he was sure John would understand. John always understood him.
nn
3 reflections
porcelain
when i first began blogging, i kept reading that you should find your niche.
“I believe you…”
I am loving the gardening thing. I never had much interest in it and really didn't until I started it. But I am loving watching everything grow and produce. I sure hope it all tastes good!
Dear Social Grace,
I've learned a lot the last 5 months and 7 days. Much more than I can write about here. Like I said, grief and mourning is a personal journey. It takes you places you never dreamed. Or want to dream about.
... or at least a Lady.
Since I came earlier than the scheduled performance that I wanted to see, I came when 굴소년단 was playing their 2nd song. I have not yet get myself listened to their music before, so I did not really know any of their songs they played that night. They play quite nice with their tune and funny gags from the members, but I did not really enjoy the songs that much. Yet, you may enjoy their tune here.
The conversations happens all year long online at #ReCodeGood. Charrette discussions will be documented and shared on the PACS website and here. We invite you to participate in all of our electronic discussions and public forums.
We’re certainly going to see more studies like this one, either from Île aux Coudres or from other regions of French Canada. In general, French Canadian communities are ideal for the study of human microevolution. Records of births, marriages, and deaths are remarkably complete over a span of three centuries, and the inhabitants tended to stay put in the same locality generation after generation. For several regions of Quebec, we already have complete genealogical databases that could be enriched with genetic data for the most recent generations.
GT class: This most popular class amongst car manufacturers traditionally receives the most support: Slightly modified standard sports cars with 440 to 500 hp and a minimum weight of 1,245 kilograms (e.g. Porsche 911 GT3 RSR).
Cheese: Pungent blue, razor sharp cheddar
Dear Mr. Reid,
So I was up at the crack of dawn (actually way before dawn 4:15 a.m.) to do INSANITY – plyometric cardio. Not fun. I grabbed a half of a 5 hour energy before starting. I am not sure it helped with the workout, but I was BUZZING when I got to work around 8. I don’t drink much caffeine and could tell why after this morning.
Decided March 11, 2011
2oz brown sugar
"Indeed?" He looked over one of his many pairs of spectacles, "So you say. I should like to see you prove it. However, that's for another day. Shall I continue?"
I bought this book for my physics A level studying son last Christmas, and decided to give it a go myself. I like a bit of popular science now and again. Not just because I think Brian Cox is dead cute, honestly. (Did you know he was the keyboard player for D:Ream, of Things Can Only Get Better fame?) He is cute though, isn't he?
My first complaint is the matter of witchcraft. I'm happy to accept that Elizabeth considers herself a descendant of a goddess - there was a great deal of paganism even once Christianity had been taken on board. What I am not happy about are the situations where Elizabeth and her mother influence events through the use of their witchcraft. These were HISTORICAL events! Henry Tudor's fleet was prevented from invading through bad weather - this was not due to witchcraft. I disliked the sensationalism of witchcraft being added to a novel that already had plentiful situations that could be taken with a pinch of salt, but that actually happened.
solo gig outside Itly and England.
Molly, caution! You can’t call ‘em niggers no more. Black people they’re called. Black people, colored people, I don’t know which. No way can we keep up with it. And then…like we’re learnin’ that they ain’t bad folk. You can see they came here determined to change places with us. If I was one of ‘em, I’d probably want the same thing. But I’m not one of them. Now we’ll see. I meanwhile have a ringside seat.
Plague mainly occurs in animals. People can get it from bites from infected fleas or contact with infected animals or humans. About 1,000 to 2,000 human cases occur worldwide each year.
4 GBR 5 1 1 0 3 4
Is Project Pay Day A Scam
Angry Wind ~ by Jeffrey Tayler (Chad, Niger, Nigeria, Mali)
Kristin Dunst and Charlotte Gainsbourg star as two sisters, the former gets married in the first part, and they are coming to terms with the end of the world descending upon them. A new planet is being seen, Melancholia (hence the name), and it looks as if it is going to eclipse planet Earth. There’s not really anything else to say, which was one of my main problem’s with this film.
I’d make you feel alive
I come up the driveway after a long day at work, stopping once to remove a tree limb that had come down. When I get to the top of the drive, I see George coming from round back, to take his place as greeter when I open the car door.
In the martial arts, we fight all the time. Striking, kicking, throwing, wrestling, grappling – so many things to practice. Rarely have I ever learned as much from winning a fight as I have from losing one. Without losing, I would never get any better. I believe that applies to life in general. The greatest chefs have all burned and over-seasoned thousands of meals. The best business owners have had the guts to experiment with several strategies before figuring out the best model. So I agree that we shouldn’t worry so much about losing.
8:30am
Do you listen to any Contemporary Christian Music? Are you a fan? Who are some of your favorite artists? If you don't like Contemporary Christian Music, why not? Do you think that Christian artists are genuine in their missions or do you think they are just in it for the money and recognition?
So here’s a touchy subject: we know that many people in prison have mental health problems. Some of these are addictions which led to the need for acquisitive offending in the first place, but whilst addictions are ‘counted’ as mental disorders, they are not always disorders that require inpatient mental health care. Other prisoners have psychotic conditions and campaigners have argued that more of the psychotic prisoners need to be move across from prison to health. No argument about that here.
Lots of jankers, son.
While not quite in the same as the Sparkle event, there's the Summer Party next week at Chams. I'm looking forward to that and with a bit of luck, the weather will remain cool and it'll be a good one. Stuff to look forward to eh?
Marty also has another great ability. He listens. And thus he learns. He learns because he can comfortably be there and examine other viewpoints without prejudice. He has vast knowledge so he naturally imparts wisdom, but doesn’t overpower one’s own wisdom, opinion or viewpoint. He is always learning from others, and so he continues to grow.
8. The development of Print-on-demand technology allowing printers to become publishers.
Needles In My Eyes
Your Keirsey Temperament Sorter Results indicates that your personality type is that of the Artisan.
I drew upon feelings from my first BDSM experience, which involved my visit with “Mistress Lynn” and “Brandi. The play activities were entirely different. Two decades later, I’m no longer Chloe, but I still have clear and powerful memories of the first meeting and the correspondence just prior to it. Even though I bottom much more than I top, writing it from the dominant perspective felt right. I’m not “Lynn”, but she taught me most of what I know about submission. I’ve also cultivated my dominant side over the years.
FNPS members recently received my letter describing childhood adventures in South Florida's outdoors – memorable experiences made possible thanks to preserved lands and my parents' initiative. I dug up some photos of these family trips to share with you. The quality of these photos is not the greatest - they were scanned from prints - but many readers probably have photos like these (maybe even older!) and can relate to a time without cell phones, the Internet or cable television.
The monitoring teams also witnessed numerous acts of police brutality, such as assault of arrested persons. Instead of merely apprehending suspects, the attitude of the police was punitive in nature.
I will choose to engage in activities that enriches my life and the life of those around me.
Before the visit, our clients doubted whether they had the capacity to start new activities, but after seeing how successful their peers have been, they said, “Now that we have seen them do it, we know we can do it too! And, we are ready to start!” Seeing really is believing.
Dexter Gordon (Round Midnight)
May 13 - Brgy. Ampayon
GINGRICH: Well look, I think that first of all, you should control the border, which I have pledged to do by January 1, 2014. You should fix legal immigration in terms of visas so people can come and go easily — more easily than doing it illegally. You should also make deportation easier so when you deport people who shouldn’t be here. The 13 gang members, for example. It should be very quick and very clear.
One odd thing became apparent in that interesting week; the average age of the Facebook campaigners was a lot older than you might think. Whilst the critical voices on the wall and on the rival Joe site spoke in SMS txtspk and looked pre-pubertal, the Rage site spanned every generation. In a bizarre rôle reversal an older generation was encouraging the young to stop listening to schmaltzy covers and turn on to some angry hard-core metal rap. Whatever is the world coming to?
Source: Michigan Department of Human Services
(August 7, 1982)
I used glossy card stock and ripped a rough edge with post-it notes. I sprayed both G24 and G28, trying to keep my G28 as close to my post-it notes as possible.
This may be somewhat mediated by government action, as the CFPB is beginning to make noise around debt collection and credit ratings, and Illinois Attorney General Lisa Madigan is working to stop debt-related arrest warrants. But only somewhat, only where the government can protect you and only when there is the political will to do so. Increasingly, creditors are coming to set up the institutional structures for financial surveillance, state-sponsored enforcement of their claims through tightened bankruptcy laws and the selective use of jail, and the denial of economic opportunity based on one’s interaction with the financial system.
If you’ve been part of a local church for a while, then Romans 8:28 is probably one of those verses you’ve heard repeated a gazillion times. There is a reason why that’s true… because the verse is amazingly comforting! However, as time goes by, verses like this one that are used over and over start to lose their potency and effect as they become more familiar to us. Like John 3:16, we simply hear the reference to Romans 8:28 and we shut down mentally because we think we already know everything there is to know about such texts. Today I want to urge you not to abandon those pet verses the church likes to use in certain circumstances. Rather, to revive their freshness in your hearts, write out what the verse means in your own words according to its context in the Bible. Let’s use Romans 8:28 as a test drive for this practice.
And the arguments he makes are totally illuminating. The writers we praise and admire now were paying very close if not conscious attention to the lower stuff going on—Melville loving sea romances, for instance. I read it for the first time in 2000 and definitely started wondering why you couldn’t do that in the present tense. So some of the pieces are experiments following out from it.
Anyway. I got no pictures of the tape cover, no pictures of the bands, no nothing. I'm not even sure if that's the real title of this cassette. And yet the music lives on. I have little or no connection to the scene documented here. I just thought it was interesting. Vegas was a small town until about 1990. It must have been something back in 83 for the bands and the audiences. Making punk rock exist out of pure momentum out in the middle of nowhere. Good for them. And us.
Hopefully not just yet.
I love peaceful mornings of the weekend. No kids fighting over who gets to bathe first, no need to check out kids not forgetting to bring their homeworks or projects, no need to prepare kids' lunch boxes in such a hurry...
This is not about race. This is not about a white on black crime. This is not about the epidemic of black on black or Latino on Latino or White on White crime. This is simply a matter of whether or not justice was served. Did the Sanford police insure that justice was served?
Last year we got rides to and from the shuttle pick-up point thanks to the kindness of strangers. This year, too. Show cowboy John Hustead gave us a ride there in his pickup truck and Agua Dulce residents Paul and Carrie Riley gave us a lift back. Thanks, kind strangers who are now friends!
I’m not sure when I’ll get back to regular blogging and when I do, there may be a few changes. They do say a change is as good as a holiday, don’t they, and I’m all for holidays. Bring ‘em on!
It's so easy to be blinded by that jealousy, to wonder why so-and-so got the Big Fancy Deal and you didn't. Unfortunately, there's no real answer, just like there was no reason my cousins "deserved" a Power Wheels more than my brother and me. They just got one. And we didn't. That's it. Looking back, I know that said nothing about my value as a child, even though back then it felt like it did.
the world does not revolve around you. we are not the on-board entertainment crew. manners are as important with your family as they are with strangers. private conversations are just that PRIVATE, please don't ask what people are talking about if you happen to overhear anything. if it wasn't immediately repeated at your appearance, then it really doesn't concern you.
That will be down to good’ole B.Liar, Plunkitt and co. Nobody wanted to hear it back in the early 2000′s…and apparently ‘nobody’ voted for these idiots -time and time again. Still fewer ‘nobody’s’ wanted our boy’s to be killed in a ‘toilet’ as one man said earlier…and ‘nobody’ wanted the banks to be allowed to destroy our economy… Its pretty not ironic that NOBODY wants to see, hear or listen to Milli-Bland nor Mr. Balls at the moment… One thing is for sure. The treaties that Labour signed us up to for before they were hauled out of office….NOBODY WILL BE ABLE TO REMOVE THESE CRIMINALS IN THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE…
suto vadaty eṣa tavendra-śatro
Murdoch and Elsa Maclennan: Murdoch is chief exec at the Telegraph Media Group. Donations: £23,000.
Let's start with my mornings. I sleep on a futon, which isn't too uncomfortable, actually. It's a good bit firmer than I'm used to, but that isn't a problem. However, I think my pillow is too firm for my sleeping habits, and I'll probably go to Ikea and get a softer one. I try to get up around 9 now, though I slept in until 11 this morning (I've been quite tired). I fold up my sheets and pick up my mattress to lean it against the wall. This helps it dry out to avoid mold. I've been doing this since day one, as I had been warned that it can develop mold. (At my recent follow-up training, I heard from one of the other trainees that she had not been doing this and already started developing a mold of some sort! The fix seems to be some kind of bleach spray, followed by vacuuming. I want this spray just for a precaution.)
Tomato - 1 medium or 2 small chopped
and now I'm finding it to be the same with my own children.
The song “Friends” from Elton John is the link below:
-Thank you for reading my interview with Northern Iowa LB LJ Fort, I hope you enjoyed it!-
—-What do birthdays mean to you?
He imagines a Britain where our agricultural system is run like a Soviet collective. Everything is controlled by the state, everyone involved is employed by the state, all supplies are directed centrally. He then develops this crazy fantasy. The government decides on reform to allow farmers to choose between suppliers. He describes the response to this suggestion as follows...
I had a conversation with a lovely gentleman in the finance department of Kobo and we looked over the documentation together.
The twelveth picture is of my great uncle, Will, and second cousin, Eldon, on my dad’s side of the family. The car? Hmmmm.
I am an animal person. Not the sort who kisses their dog or shares a bed with them. (Cal and I have had too many babies/sick toddlers share our bed over the years, so there’s no way we’re sharing the bed with an animal.) And I’m allergic to most animals. But I am an animal person.
Here’s the set-up:
Atheist: That one is not funny!
the heresy of your words
Avery Brewing Company New World Porter
Standing in the water I watched the shapes made by the frothy layers of fabric and lace; snake-like. The sea crashed and seethed as gulls circled. By the time we walked back, photos finished, the sun had once again disappeared behind a cloud and coffee beckoned.
You’re wondering if it is really worth it though. Absolutely! You can get people to check in sporadically for sales, coupon codes, new releases etc… but if you give people something they feel they are a part of they will check back far more regularly just to see what is happening with it. You’ll get your visitors not only engaging with you, but with your other visitors as well. This helps foster positive feelings about your brand and that is something you can’t buy.
Decent pricing
