Desk put together, room all set up. Oh boy, oh boy
“: be quiet poo balls.” I'm writing this on my wall
Tweetin while I walk. Check my walkin soundtrack!
cant wait till
Do you need a custom "welcome gate" for your business page? We can do it! Need social media management? We can handle that for you, too!
Phillip Humber threw a perfect game will never stop talking about it haha
you know what helps? giving me your EFFing account number. bc I can't find your library card # based on the email address you never gave us.
Catching up on #americanidol and man my predictions are spot on! New judge next season? Give me a call. . . Lol
Stop counting pages and start counting meaningful user experiences?
Most people don't really decide what to do with their lives so much as just fall into an occupation and continue doing it to earn money.
that makes a ton of sense!
I'm just gonna go to my last class.
Working on some extra credit for CRJ!
Oh, and you two have iP, right? Do you know of a good document scanner? I can't find real scanner cord!
M.O.B
Anybody else love the #internetexplorer song
me to... lets go spend our money lol
I I disagree
“You know you've read a good book when you turn the last page and feel a little as if you have lost a friend.” P Sweeney...
Please join him as well.
I kept laughing at that! The horns did not make him look scary at all!!!
Why the fuck am i still st work. i been in this bitch since 930am
sleep… sleep sounds good
that's unfortunate, but idk how to fix beds, so i can't help you .. sorry
Haven't done one of these in a while, question of the day: Do you prefer a beer or a glass of wine? What specific one is your favorite?
Unprepared for class in the really important ways: forgot my coffee, forgot my water, forgot candy for during the break.
Revival day 3. A faithful believer with a pressing problem. Matthew 17:14-20 Dr. Booth
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer22
crazy! RT : Bodemaster set the five fastest fractional splits in #KyDerby history
yeah, boy, u know it! Brang that geetar and some good ideas! (Remind precious to bring an air mattress also) :) !!
Thank you jordan (: I'll deff let ya know !!
I'm not watching the show, but I've heard time and time again that Rock of Ages is an awesome musical.
Big Hug from our giraffe! xoxo
Hey I'm thinking of doing a monologue contest type of thing would you be interested in entering it if I did?
Happy Mothers day Ma
so basically they swapped 2nd rd picks with NE for a 6th, and two 7th rounders?
great #election coverage from the best of the best on right now!
Playin hooky today - no work! So what do we do on our day off??? We volunteer at ! Stay tuned for our next volunteer night!
I dunno, our new EP is pretty epic…just sayin and will it say again.
I ask alot of questions ..
Ribs the remix! #webequeing yeah e yeah e
Can't wait for our show tonight with and at the crossroads church at 8:30.
My love handles are sore...how odd.
can I be in it ?
I have been hired by to organize their social media and can't track down the person who has this login. What can I do?
can't wait to see you!
Another problem with triple option is you teach your O-linemen to cut block, viciously, which is always on fringe of rules
And "On&On" is still knocking! Along with the rest of
why not just go to a nude beach instead?
Some people just get all the luck. And I'm stuck with none.
my phone says 81?
RT : RT : Due to #Colts win, free breakfast at INDY area Denny's with purchase of a beverage 6-10am
"Just when u think it can't get any worse, it can. & just when u think it can't get any better, it can. ;)"
The Doors!
Happy Independence Day TMC!!!
i got called by someone in nebraska lol
Shut Up
The new version of the conference planner is going to let users add events. Was due for release on 4/20. Hopefully soon!
Tina's end of summer BBQ and Bon fire and scary movies tonight I need someone to snuggle with??? Any takers
Yankees - Red Sox = best rivalry in sports, period. They make baseball in May exciting.
Lots of hawks and skunks. But only farm animals in our #upstatemanhattan forest are escaped chickens.
#LeifOveAndsnes at the piano tonight at #Carnegiehall. So good!
awesome. Stains!
you got dis. In other news are you sad about Dick Clark
Lawd, Sally broke Grandma!
I feel you on this! A good friend of mine who is gay, single and lonely is against gay marriage. Pisses me off!
OMG HAPPENING NOW!!!!!!!
balanced breathing, inspire and expire is equal
if its any consolation to you....I lost my car and was wandering outside looking for it for 15 minutes like a creep
im dark already, I dont need to be darker from my feet & the other half whiter lol :c
“: Feels good to be back in the gym...my second home... I <3 ”
Don’t judge me for my choices when you don’t understand my reasons.
Yay, campaign season! Where a country's leaders argue like suger high 8 yr olds for months on end.
do you have it
I have never seen a man climb out of a trash can so quickly...
I LOVE that music video more than any music video I have EVER seen!!!❤ I love both of u!!! (:
Fun stuff, you seen Avengers yet?
yes indeed! :-) Here's to trying!
So uh...haven't been on Twitter for a while...
Join the brothers of #UBAKPsi in our Wii Game Night at 7pm tonight in Flint Village! Pickups are at 6:45pm in the SU Lobby!
same number?
hex yeah!!!
Headed to la la land in March for something nice! #weedropweerock!!!
Jesus had some water and 6 large jars... Altered an entire wedding party & proved God's miraculous nature!
u kno, u bin sayin that a lot 2 me lately...u gona hurt my feelins
At the end of the day it's just me, myself, and I so I put my happiness first.
I swear I JUST did that lmao
Currently being micromanaged from across the continent.
geno's is awesome
Well, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the 10% rule only applies if there IS a final during finals week, too.
welcome to los tuiteres....
Dun done it.
i pulled one lol, AND YES
People who are racists
Rolling Bob Band rocks Oskar BLues in Lyons tonight for Van Morrison/Band Tribute Night. Starts 7:30; we'll prob play our 3 songs abt 9:30.
tell Brandon I love him.
Damn my pandora is on it tonight
hi :) I just wanted ask if you can give me an advice on how to be a better dancer :) ? Please RT thanks :D
It appears I've been hacked, sorry! My daughter tells me I've been talking about a miraculous weight loss. Too bad it isn't true...
Name a pair of more amazingly versatile spices than fresh-cracked salt & black pepper. Go!
RT You smile,I melt.
MY favorite girl-JB :) and your?
Agreed. I also really like Martin Bashir on daytime He's pretty good :)
I love our elf! Lily writes letters to Thomas every night....so cute!
Well played grasshopper. No. RT : So...you're providing for class tonight, then?
back from america, had my bulimia creep back up on me while i was there but now anas protecting me again, honestly hate mia with a passion
It’s like Thanksgiving for the fish.
pretty sure that is everywhere :)
lol yea yea
He who laughs last didnt get it.
Lay off me, I'M STARVING
Who was the guy she just said was" so cute?"
I'll have another!
not bad lol
AZ contingent has signs made already!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 50
Addison Reed is filthy.
Or they spend 15 on cancer and 5 on abortion. Money may be fungible, but demand may not.
stop whining.
can you take a picture Please ?
A week of finals next week, then onto the 10 week home stretch. I can not wait to close this out!
That moment when you finally relax and your mom calls you to do something.
Janice always makin promises she know she not gon keep lol foh dawg
- You two ROCK! Thanks for carrying the torch!
I love You Sweet Heart:))
I hate terrible babymothers.When the father is awesome he gets no praise!using babies in spite.smh
I hope "GOT" means he was only tranquilized and taken back to his home. Right? :)
Not particularly. Those teams weren't as good as the Kings by the underlying numbers. LA was top 5 tm in Fenwick tied & close.
M so tired and full
- that place was/is so nasty.
What a beautiful morning! Just take a look outside at the sunshine! It's such a wonderful week! Here comes the weekend! :)
S/o to all 4,066 of you #BoonDockKingz followers!! Yall are a big part of this! Lets make this year one to remember!!
RT : Finally saw Anthony Davis twin sister.. Disappointed she doesn't have a unibrow.
Kony couch potatoes lost
Last night was Legen...wait for it...
That will be perfect! Super close. Hope you have a smooth move and see you next session!
What has been your favorite job and why?
its all good
i could never date someone with the same name as me.
This week has been so beautifully busy...busy busy bees we've been!
I'm craving Easter candy. Wtf, Mary!
Put me in coach I'm ready to play! Get into the Game of Life!
aw yea ?.......what u been workin on
Married to a brilliant wonderful man!!
Yes, read the books first! It will only make you more excited
Interesting week. Looking for a new job.. Sigh
AWESOME! Lucky guy. Happy Birthday to your Dad!
I don't blame you for being you, but you can't blame me for hating it.
It’s not too late to commit to your New Year’s Resolutions, see the apps that will help you lose those extra pounds
The military was doing prostitutes as well, which someone should have figure out when they were charged 200 million for a hand job
Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!
Interviewing some amazing women for our #adayformetahouse video today. We can't wait to share their stories with you in May!
sounds great Eric! I'll try to make it up there for sure!
its not his serious job, I think he is in highschool.. And I dont even talk to him, I just see him a lot, haha:)
The first step in changing your culture is defining the new one with incredible clarity.
that's a better image.
Last day on this planet as a 28 year old...gonna be a good one!
Thanks for the following! Merry Christmas!
Can't sleep 😔
Young and Stupid Left Wide Open Hearts Are Wasted Lives Are Broken
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." George Washington Carver
dangit... now I'm hungry!
Anyone have a place in Venice that needs a housesitter in a week?
": ok, stop the tease, spill the beans." Yeah! Give us something here! :)
Just finished talking to my mom on the phone. Another ca-razy saturday night in our world!
#progressparty hosts inc +Neil,Fallon,Laura&James Z
Who"s the big winner tonight ?
That I Don't Care Look People Have In Pictures<<
Best conference ever attended: 1st International Small Giants Summit in Konstanz, Germany. Great sessions. Great parties.
Congrats Colin!! RT : Excited to say I'll soon be joining Team , though I'll miss the awesome folks at !
Thanks for listing me in 2011 Women Who Move the City issue!
The 2010 NFL season concludes Sunday night at Cowboys Stadium when the Pittsburgh Steelers meet the Green Bay Packers in Super Bowl XLV.
i have not been sick in years... why on this beautiful day do i have to be stuck inside :(
Kevin heart is a Mess lol <3
I absolutely LOVE the lyrics to the chorus of Cry With You, but unfortunately it won't fit into a tweet...
yeah, he'll just have to face all those fake teams twice a year.
my birthday is in 10 days!!! #sweet16 🎉🎁🎈
oh my gosh Jazmyne--you would cry over that! i'm going to have to download it now.
Been gud my luv how bout U?
"Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock"
great piece
Who wants in on the next photo contest? Who will participate?
great work man, nice to meet you.
Unless you are having terrible or terrential rainfall your Directv should work. Perhaps DTV needs to peak your system again.
My mom is an elementary school teacher and taught sisters named Peaches, Cherry, and Tangerine. Not even joking.
Thanks for following - welcome to twitter!
there other factors but you'll see books written about America's dangerous sprawl patterns, just look at Vegas
So excited for today's #crawfishboil at ! Who else is going?
I know! Things are good. Saw Jackson Hole on Modern Family and thought of you. We def need to talk. let's plan a time. How are you?
Spring & Crosby, told the guy my name, he goes "aight J-izzle". I proceeded to order a caramel apple spice like a champ
That's right! Live it, Love it, Lube it! Thanks for being a fan!
hi ellen! did you have fun at the teen coice awards?
Damn is getting after it!
“: THIS RT : A girl's pretty face can be destroyed by an ugly personality.” there is a lot of that on twitter!!!
Would sighing moss be TT way of sticking it to Favre
great advice!
what happened to you? You used to be so cool in the 80s
Knicks + Rangers + Yankees + RAW = couch potato Bindel
you too!
Yea man. Hopefully it's hot
Baby I hear melodies when your heart beats Baby it sings to me like Fa la la, fa la la
I got preverted when i knew wass! ;p
Sitting next to a Zimbabwean woman who isn't interested in small talk with the Brazilian guy next to her. Next leg to Beijing
Everybody’s at war with different things…I’m at war with my own heart sometimes
btw - I really like the KEXP Kurt Vile set, I just wish that it had been broken into separate vids for the songs so I could rip them.
Levon Helm- God Bless So sad
Rejection is direction!
Have you seen the gallery display of glass orchids by the amazing artist Debora Moore? Only on view until April 8!
Damn twitter wont let me follow bak certain ppl... ugh -.- im sorry yhu guys ill prolly try later.
i will(:
Why yes, Papaw did just give me a Japanese calculator and an outside shower. Gotta love him.
coulton?? i thought he left again?!
ITS ALL YOUR FALT
Looking for an extra Big Pour second session ticket for my bro.
RT : ...one of your G's must stand for Gangsta! Lol #Shahs << Stop lying to her..she gunna get beat up one day ....
I guess sleep was a little too much to ask for with everything else happening! Oh well. Sleep when I'm dead? Let's hope so.
fuck one, marry one, kill one. #GO! Im sure Jionni would kill
Waiting to get this haircut.
Did I really just Tweet that??? Whoa
Loni, victim, also couldn't articulate abuses. She could only respond with yes or no to leading questions asked by prosecution.
happy mothers day mom, I wanna make you proud. <3
I think it's AWESOME. I love the song<3 (:
You are a child of God. Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking. ~Marianne Williamson
I wrote your name in my heart, and forever it will stay
my hair looks fucked up 😒
Joy in one's heart and some laughter on one's lips is a sign that the person down deep has a pretty good grasp of life
would be cool if grocery stores let you use that stick that separates your items to beat the person behind you with
Thanks Marquez for following :)
Loving all the Actofest tips from and others.
lol kinda Aha
thats a trip cuz he was saying he was the manager of ONYX..... Thanks for the response just checking this cats credentials
What a great Night!!! Not only did CrazyMary finish our new release: Dreaming In Brilliant Color, but the Giants won the Superbowl.
ew leave me alone.
aptly timed reminder
Love how Tony just pulled a Ron Burgandy!!!
When wearing something complex, lighten it up with solid colors. Details should accentuate an outfit, not crowd it.
“: I hate being corrected about the name of the size of my 16 ounce drink !” Ha!
So I was going to start reading #Pandemonium but I seem to somehow lost it in my house ):
Eventful.com will do.....here we go.
Good deal. I now have comics in my classroom. Thanks Half Price Books for "treat read" material!
Shush now...You think you have it bad? They're BUILDING a freaking house outside my window. ALL DAY LONG...argh...
What happens if a car comes? - You die. What? - Just Relax.
S. Fish :~ When you submit to *my* definitive arguments, I become immortal. So you young team-builders must have mortality issues.
Chris went up against Rihanna & lost...duh...she bad! Way to go girl
Searching far and wide for
Fuvking murder them RT : RT : Lakers have pushed their lead to 11. Kill. Them. Now.
Thanks. That's what I suspect. Trainers think "They won't listen until they know who I am."
#Staging tip#14 luv thy neighbor, let them know u r putting ur #house on the #market, they may just know someone intrstd n byng ur home!
#WSP I'm not alone... Driving song...
Awesome. Kudos on your win and for being a good dad, too. Thanks for the response.
Now this is the way to wake up!! YOU TOO! 💗💚“: #SKEEWEE! Have a WONDERFUL day. ": Hey SKEE WEE!!!"”
We will be at the Pittsburg mills strongland EXPO this weekend
I got vcu at the 12 over wichita! Think they keep their magic from last year
Hangin' in there! How are you? :)
Enjoy the day!
#wearing green DVF dress, camel chie miharas and carrying new purse.
Potential risk: now that we can micro-measure so many mkting tools, will we tend to neglect long term less-trackable brand building?
That awkward moment when your friend is like "Are you thinking what im thinking?" And you haven't the slightest clue.
I live in the Pearl so it was actually full of runners, joggers, short fancy looking laydees ordering nonfat soy lattes.
Beef & broccoli and Spongebob : )))))) all smiles over here.
somebody is going to have to man-up....give it a try for the first week...show the coaches and teammates ur a new man!
wait what I'm confused! can you see this?!
PLEASE follow me i just made this twitter :)
yay! I get paid on Friday. Where can I pick up the bag?
I remember the day and followed me. LOL! that's never happened:(
I did the rural area above Portage(Moundville) for the recall signatures, very different, but fun for me...
miss u kills ♡
you should also thank all the undercovers who listened on the low but won't RT
Ha, not making the trip Hope all is well cc
Heyy Brandon :)!! <3 love you , hope your doing well just wanted to let you know that I'm praying for you! Love you Brandon .
According to studies, men prefer to have white bedrooms and women prefer to have blue bedrooms
No one sent me a number? Hold the fuck up ✋
Packing is no fun.
Oh, six-pack abs-guy at end of show: Emily 's not missing out on anything. You're an arrogant jerk.
Arrooooooo! you iz cute (wiggles brows)
Thanks so much for your support of WA Legislature twitter petition. Thrilled to report- mission accomplished. Bills passed
Absolutely, cool logo but where can we get your music?
Chokeholds are not fun...
RT : tonight! lisa ridgely & the fainting room will appear on 's local/live radio show at 8 p.m.!
So sad for many reasons 1 He was young & talented 2 The world needs artists 3 My students LOVE that song & now we'll assoc. it w/ violence
Nothing like spending time with the family & their mobile devices, eh?
Yay! We'll be flying in next week! :)
National Geographic-/Inside Outlaw Bikers -Hell's Angels Documentary Part 1 of 5 [HQ]
I love the idea of a bulletin board. Looking forward to seeing how you use it!
Thought for the Day - "You can’t build a reputation on what you’re going to do." - Henry Ford
stepping out of the serato control vinyl realm?
Working tonight cuz prom is gonna make me broke
do people still use to plan their travel these days?
SAVE THE DATE: April 17 Luncheon. Jay Friedman, author of 30 Days to Digital Media Expertise will discuss "Doing Digital Media Right."
lol!! Yeah normally I would, but I have a BUSY morning!
Staring a my iPhone in complete darkness, trying to figure out at what point I crossed over and became hooked on Twitter. LOL
Needa get my own car so I can get up &d leave when I feel !
Why isn't the #indians game on tv today???
kicking ass and taking names! Life has been good. You?
I jut love when my two year old cousin tries to take a shower with me
Right back at you from Scottsdale! \m/
i should cry because im gone miss on 106
dude that's crap. That redirected me too'best college advisor'
enjoy the most u can :) it's not going to be that fun tomorrow when the pain starts ;) lol
Congrats to #Navy on their 10th consecutive win over Army in "America's Game"!
Check out my new post on www.shoppersmap.com An antique & retro blog.
#WavingMyHand You will see this Tweet, even though I don't have internet, and you will call me tonight.
I was born without ANY limiting beliefs. Today, I let go of any judgments, opinions or misperceptions I have about my acting career.
roasting transforms the product into the finished product. If one tried selling green coffee beans as "local" I'd say no
if ur an artist who send ThaCW stuff but dnt support other artist by listens DL or w/e how/why do u expect for others 2 do the same 4 u!!!
ATY Radeon x1600. It's a shit card, but I played the beta...no idea why now it isn't working. No drivers.
Bum ass hoes taking pics in front of the DFACS office
Summer = ice cream in hand...log onto www.s2yd.com and check out what Carnival's has to offer
Very Nice post on Jopa and Jaypa.
it was fun!!! my hair and make up looked great! :)
lets go lol jk well it was nice talking to you cutie:)
I want a man that will treat me good.
There is never enough time to do everything grrr
LeBron & D-Wade are really going to have to get Mario Chalmers involved in the 2nd half if Kansas is going to come back in this one.
Great day of filming,footage looks great...pics..great! Follow us on fb for everything. Last Breath: A Shay Lucas Film for more ...
"A man may fail many times but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else." - J. Paul Getty
they say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need . ❤ - ❤
You too. Still despise the Knicks.
Sorry. Tis better to do laundry for yourself than for others. Still loves ya though;-)
If only Harvey were on Twitter. Safe trip to Portland!
sometimes i wish i could see into the future at what is come but til then time waits for none
I'm pretty sure the entire desert has flown into my eyes. Working outside is not fun today.
American flags made in china... Its just wrong
One of my great disappointments in Avengers was it felt weird that Banner was all hanging in Tony's car at the end. Pretty un-Banner-like.
Hha. Thank you Jordan! You always make me laugh!(: haha.
so true.
If you're going through hell keep going. What idiot would wanna stay there?
Look here 'cause we missing 2 rabbits and I'm fixin' to find out who took 'em!
There really should be a tracking system for buses, I'm f'ing freezing and have been waiting for 25 minutes for a bus.
Hahah, I read this and was like, OMG. Is Rachel pregnant?! But then I read on. (;
:( its being raining a lot lately here now
bombers eating a fabulisous chicken sandwich. Yes more yes yummy
Thanks so much for the mention!
I am at the Madison area builders ass. Home Show. Everyone is signing up for a free quote from Weed Man Lawn Care!
Any aspiring comedians out there? We hear gets wild with Monday Open Mic night, bring your game
oh dear Sam is going to jinks us!!
thanks for the stalk lol
I agree. I'm not a huge dairy consumer. A greek yogurt here and there. But the inflammation response is no good. So I stay clear.
I love you Julian would you mind to follow me !
I found my #SleepNumber it is a serta
Slamming WSP Fishwater as I come back into nola off 2 week trip. One of my fave traditions!
Taking a cab to church -_-
Aww man no more ? :(
Xocai gains 128% in mlmrankings. See what it's all about! W.myxocai.com/71376
Congrats on the success. It's all well deserved. What site will you be writing for now?
Whoa! Wish I was down there to run into them!
Thanks for the follow! We will check out your merch!
we are blocked on Broadway and beaver
no. yeast is not meant to be frozen.
sure why not(x
dude stop taking out your shit on me. go play some more black ops.
Not as good as me!
I've posted his work before. Love his Benjamin being pursued by a bear. Gordon & I have emailed w/one another. He's witty.
Big Bands, Snow Storms, & $7 Unlimited Mini-Golf All Day, Oh MY! Check out WOMhouse.com for more details about fun on LBI TONIGHT!!
doggy nightmares are so funny to watch! i can't take it though. i always wake up the pup. :(
Why We Broke Up, by Daniel Handler and Maira Kalman
So not blowing the whistle but intending to and blowing the whistle are apparently the same thing. Wow. I wish life worked that way.
forgot to do a chore -_- haha. It's just for a day. I'll bring you one thursday if I can.
“: runt the whole thing” lol that crazy talk lol I ain't trying to get tired
gonna be the best day eveer <3
Signed Or Unsigned,Major or Minor, Music Is My Life.
Jacob beats my boyfriend in the whole trust/ kindness thing. That's fucking sad!
no, the Dalai Lama doesn't either.
gourmet... #Survivior style!
TATER TOTS where the premiere form of currency in the cafateria back in school days! Yall know what I'm talkin about! Happy
I know u gon kill it !
that's a good one... right now I'm shooting with a 15-30 Sigma which is OK optically. I love the super wide
SUGARFAMILY WILL STAND UP FOR
Just under 2 months away from STEP IT UP!!!
: at the door then :)
Twinkle twinkle little slut, name one guy you haven't fucked.
TAKEOUT's Tweeting. How 'bout a follow?
The less said about the Shocker, the better
On that late night creep, heard tht you a freak #Np Yello - Late night creep
I'm afraid to follow on Twitter, for fear of an imploding phone. Or worse.
Oh man! Wish I got to try it. Make it for me next year
Got ma' whole crew tweetin' now!!
Ready to leave School bro '.'
#ff Amazing #SocialMedia ! Join us in person or online
check your DMs!
Thanks for following bro!
We just had a very civil debate on FB. Amazing. 88 comments and no name calling.
Q1) Agree this is happening but in my experience it is department and team managers directing it. Dept and project portals
#AERA2012 co-presenting a communication PD workshop at 8:00. Let's do this!
okey know u think we are crazy sorry hihi.........
Chilled spring aspargus soup-YUM!! Lobster rolls for 9 bux! Come see me @ the Y-CAFE. Open to the public 7am-6pm. Come see me!! :)
There is nothing wrong with love its a natural feeling of positive emotion
So what you're saying is they are very much like grown men?
Congrats!! : woot woot! See us at Milwaukee on May 10th at the Harley Museum!
Watching channeling on the F1 grid. Not sure who bounces more.
you with us tonight?
That sounds like a great teaser for a novel written in 1st person.
NEW STUFF AT HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWORLD.NET!!! Go check it out! New Pic of the Day, NEW LAY OUT!!!, New Music Video of the Day!!!
Ortiz Middle School Marching Baand-Houston Directed By Roderick Kennedy Named Honor Band For The 2010 MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston
J-lo cant even pick the right man how she gone pick the right winner. LOL
followback!!!,Is Awsome related to Watch Gossip Girl Online
Caps with sound on now!
The US Coastguard is trying to help four crew members who were hurt when a large wave crashed onto..
are u doin it still
o yea i forgot it was!
#evernoticed how great sex is when your having it with someone you truly LOVE
dude. im sick now! my throat is killing me
Do you need to hire Business Development Directors? One of our customers just did (within 2 weeks!) with one of our phone-sourced names!
Too bad for CSU, but now rooting for Murray St. I think they have shot to advance another rd. #CongratsCSURams for making it this far!
a lot of people don't got to jail for murder, & no one knows what he did to make him kill him
if you're in NYC, they have a copy of the book in the NYPL and FIT.
You know what I'd like to see? RDA training that isn't presented as a compare/contrast with aacr2. Bring in new metadata specialists!
A promise among friends means never giving a reason why. #Friends <3 it
All looked at, thoroughly enjoyed and bookmarked.
Thanks for the RT !!
Man Your place or mine? Woman Both. You go to yours and I'll go to mine.
fountain of our youth to before and become yet again the thought of a race of angels living among us a few the light we will follow to
: wat would u like to eat n watch wat movie
so much amazing happens when you combine money + creativity + hedgehogs
dj just described musician as Chilean Bob Dylan. I should pay more attention when the radio is on.
Isn't it obvious that Kim has no skills or talent and she needs to be thankful she's got a man (with a lil' money) and Kandi to help her?
Sunshine and swell times
Can't wait to see my sister tomorrow!!!
that is to say, #atxcouncil ppds UTPDC contract discussion
Just getting off and I check my phone and I see.the HEAT lost WTF.lol
I cant wait for the beach.
“: Do you let your friends know how many guns you own? #LoadedQuestions”no
Hahah I saw. You are a diva! Closeups banned in your contract?
Ooolala! RT : We made antelope sliders topped with pancetta, smoked gouda, and horseradish mayo !
another one of those nights (;
bad day fishing is better than a good day at work.
-hey, imu too
did the dog have a bony spine, horn on nose with thorny tail? That would have been a dead giveaway to the dog-a-saurus breed.
You Only Live Nine Times... If you're
Llife real complicated rite now but ya boi on his J.O.
Well crystal when will you be seeing richard?
Nothing can stop a determined heart.
Dropping people from FB's nice. Think of it as getting rid of crickets...or cockroaches.
would you renew your season tickets for next year if it's like this season?
just a quick chat (skype?) to get your perspective on the site. do you consider yourself a fan?
About to go outside and play in the snow
oh, the #heat made the playoffs? I hadn't noticed
Mixx Friday & Saturday. Book your party in advance!
we are happy to be 1 of the 500 :-)
tacos or burritos?
French Laundry is always nice. Bring sacks of cash.
Highs in the 70s inland, 70 City, 60s coast today. Sprinkle tomorrow, cooler, highs near 60. Warmest Wed. & Thu... temps in the 70s.
Really paying for that lack-luster 1st quarter.
haha its ok sweetie!! [: i didnt find it stalkerish ♥
Great to meet you last night Stephanie.
I seem to butt-tweet.
why is it not an option?! Chuck and Lynnard did it!
I got a bad bitch! Yea that bitch right! 👍
Almost 1000 followers!
Be safe tonight. Assign a designated driver. Remember moderation is the key!
Why'd I do that? lol...
I hate I can never fall asleep once I'm up -.-
Thanks, Dan! You sure are swell!
been to sleep twice today!? Mono, I went to bed at 5am, got up at 10am stayed up, went to work till midnight, and...
Stickn to my plan for 2012
And my favorite Wrigley chant was... Brunansky's wife's a dyke. Brunansky's wife's a dyke.
Completed a 5 mi run, and feeling good. And a long-time-lost sensation: extra energy.
"the appetite of our present materialism depends upon stirring up our wants-but not satisfying them" -Robert Lane
I need a vacation.
Fuck what I said
I don't sleep. Ever. Hi everyone.
Cool :P
nigga I was there lol the one with like 10 vending machine right ?
The odds of me watching #Americasgottalent is about the same as becoming a #bears fan
even tho you give me headaches 😁 I still love you 💜
Yay, both boys are napping! MOMMY TIME!
's icon is life.
Applications for an internship at are now closed. Thanks, everyone.
You know its time to go to bed when your eyes burn
I just hope Hologram Tupac doesn't get into a beef with Instagram Biggie. Talk about senseless violence.
Really don't want to eat this adderall
jigga jay-z, biggie baby
Lost power for almost 24 hours. Hanging in Newton right now. Hopefully it is back on soon!
Lol so you got a twitter
Yep! For you, you can pay the friend's fee.
Six Feet Under the Volcano
our worlds are finally colliding. I have a meeting in the library right now. I'll see you at 12:30!
Aaron Williams speaking now
I am! Thanks for the link.
WCCOBreaking: A tornado has been spotted near Highway 100 and Interstate 694 on the northwestern side of the Twin cities. Hope u ok
Justin is coming up!! :D
ultimate gamer.
BFF <3 I Love You
yea nd they're hand sign tho. Asdfghjukliofed. IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THEIR CREW NAME LIKE WAT IS THT SHIT
Fill in the blanks: "I could ______, or I could just stay here and ______"
ok handsome love you
just wanna give you /o big looch from stay up hope everything is good from the homie dubb 1
A juggalo just walked past me. On Penn's campus. Tell everyone.
You need somebody like me.... Lol!!! GUDNIGHT
There's nothing more pleasing than to create something. It's like bringing a child into the world- on her work
Yep. Prices are crazy. Thanks for the coffee. Off to work. Have a great day!
I got u, ima send u tha link... Wat u an yo friends been up 2?
its a beautiful night, we're looking for something dumb to do. hey baby, i think i wanna marry you ♥
leave me alone...
AMAZING girlie practice group tonight with coached by the adorable, incredible followed by...shake shack.
Oh hey, allusion to #SOPA! I see you!
Harry styles
Teaching tonight on different narratives of cholera and TB during 1800s. FUN TIMES. (It's sad how much I love talking disease.)
And its gone get even hotter, cancelling that hair appointment
My stomach is killing but i dont care! Party! Party! Party! Till i die!
That's awesome! I'm sure they got a lot of help from their awesome instructor.
calamari = wonderful
#Follow because she is hot and she just followed me!
You can now find Rohrbach Scotch Ale on tap at Monroe's Restaurant & Bar, 3001 Monroe Ave. Rochester NY!
Reflection Question for Sunday Worship, "When you think of the word “family,” who is included? How can we expand the concept of family?"
busy, busy weekend....but so excited to see my brother!
Do you think the #spurs needed this adversity, or does this just suck?
Evans deserved to win the dunk contest w/ the double, but we need the stars back. Lebron v Kobe v Igou v Blake . . .
I use more gas trying to find a parking spot at Mizzou, than I do actually driving to campus
Up In Da A.m Getting Ready Fa Skool.,! Ugh Ion Even Want 2 Go
Great workshop today on describing moving images. Thanks !
Ranchers and farmers and family business owners could make much better decisions regarding the future than the government can.
Just kidding Baconfoot I have to like all your comments
If you rush you you could end up in a B.Roy situation. But, the larger point is, the doctor knows better than us.
just sit in front of a fan out on the porch.
I wouldn't mess with me right now.
DO NOT FORGET TO COME TO AND GIG TOMORROW AT DEERING GRANGE 630. AND DID I MENTION IS PLAYING!?!
Tweet me
lol I'll pass... I'd rather throw them up on eBay the night before for $350 a pop and sell all my pairs... Then buy your I's
I'm at the one hospital that none of my family would want to be at....
If Dana keeps him... BJ's new fight?
Pretty sure all from one girl w/ wicked powerful shot. Next time I play her, i"m moving 2the opposite side
we can watch it in the office whenever we're feeling down - automatic heartwarmer!
help me get more Fans CLICK ON LIKE on my page
Any recommendations for veggie friendly food gems en route to Athens from Memphis?
the new 6th grader are rude and need to get some manners -____- lil fuckers better watch it.
Oakland intersections taken over smoke being seen in the streets 1000s marching marchers masking up ..
I'd rather kick it with u tonight ma
RT BREAKING: reports from city admin- OPD's top cop, Anthony Batts, resigns
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mother's from all of us at "The Proud One"~~~Proud May Restaurant!
thanks for the s/o!
Durin the summer I better not see any of the people from school
RT Shooting the "Urban Rebounding" exercise video today.
Looking forward to seeing you all at #ASTD2012 next week. Make sure you stop by the booth and say, "Hi"
Hello, My Last Name Is Fabella. Do You Possibly Know A Vance Fabella? Please Write Back.
Working on the Texas Bioneers conference: great speakers & a lot of enthusiasm - hold Nov. 11 & 12, more cool info to come.
Bruce doing his weather.
I heard about it. Sounds like fun! But I'm going to be in Minneapolis for a bachelorette party for a wedding I'm in this summer.
Love it calls Daniel Day Lewis D-Day!
In the mood for subway.. Umh
i know;)
OMG you're so lucky! Zayn follows you! I'm jellin'...
. Should be 6 home games, 6 away games. Flex scheduling under a bracket-buster-style system I wrote about last autumn.
The Raiders give up a 1st rounder in 2012 for Carson Palmer, wow. This is a player that has been "retired" for the last 10 months..thoughts?
Actually, Chane Behanan said that he hated being called the underdog.
I am going to New Orleans in less than 2 weeks... SO EXCITED!
Thanks much 4 RTs & mentions! Enjoy the long weekend!
#LSUARK Tyler Wilson is 8-11 for 94 yards while Jordan Jefferson is 12-16 for 126 yards. Haters can have a nice tall glass of STFU!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle I Know What Your Titties Did Last Summer
Arizona Cardinals at Washington Redskins kicking off at 1:00 PM ET #cardinals #redskins #nfl (Via )
Fun. Any baby-friendly spots?
wait, shit. I don't get paid til the 15 :/ lol ill still take you :)
Shower fairy
The Hale & Dorr compensation system: 10% Finders, 20% Minders, 60% Grinders, 10% bonus pool. This formula works best for those who do it all
That's ok, we'll just get Chien-men Wang to come up and throw at Utley and Howard if/when they come back
Today has been a memorable day that'll probably never forget. Thank-you
If forced 2 choose between peep in mirror & the day's popular opinion, choose the mirror.
what up
I finally got my workout in. (First real workout since Nov.) Thanks for the motivation!
my lil sis keep smacking me and she is 2
Weather is getting better and better!! Don't forget to checkout for music and more!!!
I think one of the best things that did was sign ! His matches with and have been outstanding
& I was your first follower :)))
Enjoy that time in the peach state.
Well Its okay we can share.. I think ^_^
yep, that's where I'm at. Columbus at the convention center. I might have to have a second dinner today
and i are at #citywinery for the show. Opening act right now
she's got a saggy face lol. Its so funny. I'll give it 10 days lol!
Ind. overturned RTW in 1965 MT : There is a reason why no #RTW state has ever returned to compulsory unionization.
Start the holiday weekend early at Wet Stone! Lunch starts at 11am...
Stickers are still available -- going fast. Please remember to put an address in the e-mail.
I'm ready to see today in 6th period
Step 1 to validity for #occupy SD, stop burning our nations flag. Your protestors not pigs.
RT : What will you do today to support your local economy? Support a local independent business.
RT : It's not babysitting when it's your own kid. RT Having great day baby sitting youngest daughter
So his telescope goes inside your cave
To those of you critical of Mitt Romney's record at Bain Capital, remember that blood letting is so positive, it was used in health care.
IS GOKU YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM DRAGONBALL Z?
#lifewaseasybefore you came along and messed it up.
I don't understand how Tea Party folks have the energy or time to be angry so much. Lighten up and be grateful for what you have.
numbers on shoulders.
Mixed signals<
Bronson: Took Ambien that night because "I wanted a good night's sleep. I didn't want to wake up." 2 nights prior had been restless.
Free cars at Bill Doraty Kia if the Browns shut out the Steelers on New Years Day. Las Vegas odds 5,000:1 Struck by lightning 10,000:1
lolol that's okay... How about 7 at my school on Monday for the band concert... I'm not in it but it's happening!
We are going to be part of a beta test for a foodie community website! Super excited, more details coming soon!
Robbie just told me his name isn't Robbie, it's "Tootie McFarterson". Then he broke into giggles for a solid minute.
Mother’s Day is a day to celebrate your mom!
With an impressive 53.09 victory in the 100 Kate Wiseman sweeps the sprint freestyle events with dominating swims
Jay Farrar & Benjamin Gibbard - California Zephyr - 10:22 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
30-day Fitness Challenge: Establishing a New Habit : Girl Power Hour
Go see of at and then you have one less item on your bucket list to do.
Whitey Bulger tip came from Iceland. Person who lives seasonally in Santa Monica where Bulger was captured.
Quick question.. If you were to get something shiny would you want it to just wear or have function?
AND *DJ SERVICES *EVENT HOST *PARTIES *BOOKING *PROMOTION *BIO *SECURITY *LIVE CAMERAMAN *LIMOUSINE SERVICES
yeah It's gonna all be okay. At least I hope.
or it come out both ways lol dont want that to happen hahaha!!!^_^
RT "Same-sex couples should be able to get married."—President Obama
QoTD: "You can't win unless you learn how to lose." (Kareem Abdul Jabbar)
#FF our designer crushes
Hope all of you have a great weekend!
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "Well what do you wanna do?" It's 1 am...what you think
King-sized bed. Slept great for five hours I got to sleep.
Showing up late to your own presentation - Things not to do to get a good grade. #CommonSense?
How do you expect forgiveness from Lord when you can't give it or accept it.
New Wine tasting kicks off today, 4 wines for $14. This weekend Fresh Arugula Salad and Herb Meatballs with romesco Sauce! Enjoy.
Teachers Teaching Teachers broadcasts from #minecraft this week; lemme know if you can join in Wednesday night
Hazard Insurance - What it is and how to buy it by Chuck
hope so.... Its my first time
Are y'all coming tomorrow still?
Then I will help you even more!
right?! The 1st few races he did bad& I was like no he'll rebound but I think its too late now :(
cheer up sleep jean!
Lmao this fool just ate a ghost pepper!! I am over here DYING!!!!!!!
just left. I love cuddling up with him and napping for a few hours :)
Playing 1D songs in the car for my mom. She's turning into a directioner guys.
"Rest oh my soul in Christ alone," by Cindy Ratcliff-Cruise love this song i think i'll listen to it before i go to sleep. Have a goodnite!
Los Angeles 2011
just had a great coaching session
When I hear avg NBA players w/ contracts like that, I get pissed thinking of $40K Police/Fire/Teachers getting cut
Happy Get Wasted Day to my Brotha from anotha
great refresh to the UI today! Really enjoying it!
Idea of a 2012 Happy Mix was what prompted my tweet! Using Spotify is a great idea! I have 2008 as an iTunes playlist...
I have no idea. why?
They do it just cause I'm friends with you. Tell me tomorrow (:
Responsibility upheld with
I once applied for 3 jobs that I thought were made for me & was crushed when I didn't get callbacks, so I know the feeling.
Sound advice. RT : Never just walk around with your peener out. It's dangerous. Someone could whip it off with a towel, you guys.
A little late on this, but I can now do FaceTime with my iPhone - yay!
I just realized can run really fast. He high fived Chorizo!
“: The #Mariners WIN AGAIN!!! I Love Spring Training!!!” We are excited for baseball season!
It's lunch time. I could go for a slice of pizza from Via Napoli at Epcot right about now. How about you?
Also ran into a dude at the gym that randomly walked up to me and asked, "Hey bro - can you hook me up with some juice or blow." Wow.
Happy Friday everyone! Have a great weekend and stay warm :)
We're following GFA Partners at the White House, with 60 US food leaders talking regional foods systems
...looks real except for those horns. Need to get a closer look at them.
I know I am totally out of the loop, which makes me ... upset. But the end product will be excellent. No blogging, though, for a while :(
your name was brought up actually. Great work deserves multiple returns! :)
: My money is on your grandmother! lol
NEVER start a Twitcam with a strip tease and then LEAVE. Like really? Why would you do that to us?!
let me know what you think! Turns out that rhe original head producer is behind this.
ah! Awesome!
u said you were fasting on JUICE just a lil humor
yes, on a long enough timeline, we're all dead, and the orioles have a shot at the division
Fucking ass face.
you know it's National Kiss Day...so make sure you kiss someone today. Not on the anus. On the taint.
overhyping this lsu-alabama game and kissing nick saban's ass so much, i've actually forgotten about lebron!
Walker will be in RIVERWEST at Messmer Prep (Fratney and Burleigh) in Milwaukee on Friday arriving around 12:30PM. Protest starts at noon.
im done with updating my blog. So now, off to bed i go! :)
Haha! We always push for "shopping locally" bc we're a locally-owned biz. But that is not exactly what we had in mind? Love it!
Happy #FF fabulous folks!
DNOW is over. #sad Opportunity to put ransomed into practice.
I got my litho's today!!! Thank you!
If i wanted that boy,,, then i would be with that boy,,, but that one aint for me,,,
Normal Girls: "I wish I had a prince charming." Me: "I wish I had Austin Mahone."
This Saturday at Pura....LMP Coast to Coast Edition! We'll have the hottest DJs from SF, NYC & San Diego will be rocking the house.
My money is on Money
link to co video online today will show you all, please give comments
Baby it's not just you. You know it hurts me too... ): When you're sad we are too, so smile! (: You know you wanna!(;
The Playbook is awesome
": #SometimesAllAGirlsWants is shoes & food."
A great day for americans. Osama Bin Laden is dead! Glad to know that mine and others sacrifice in efforts to find him have finally came.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌂
There is this kid next to me and he is hearing girly music and he looks gay.
I can draw, anything you need...www.leocortesstudios.com
can't even explain the joy I feel right now.
Not sure what i have in my hands right now... But it's amazing!
also, for the fa cup final?
but im very sociable is that weird?
sorry to confuse.I meant send actual email w/the question. Answer Too long to tweet. email:
Magnifico at Otherside. I'm going to require one of these glasses!
Don't really know how to handle this anymore...
how was it?! Thanks for coming in!!
Will be modeling on Sunday. Don't laugh... it's true... watch out Tyra Banks you could be looking at the next ANTM!
Oh no you didnt! hahah #HaveAGreatSunday RT : you should feel comfortable with that as a WWE fan.
well wat phone number do u have..cuz clearly I always text back lol
RT I'm head over heels for you, what the hell am I suppose to do.
Aack! I can't find the charger for my iPod touch. If I left it at work, I might die tomorrow! ;)
Playing at Casa Del Mar tonight in Santa Monica ("soul station") with Tasha Taylor! 8pm, free and soulful.
Have setup a C4 before under similar circumstances, if that could help.
"one of my followers" I think?
sweet sixteen reception is Apr 24, would love to see you!
": #ONLYBLACKPEOPLESAY "Is There Food At The Funeral" "Yeah" "Kay I'm Coming.""never heard or said this before tf
awesome! I hope she get's to do more then got to do when she was a judge - that was a a big ol tease.
Thanks for an awesome yoga workout evening :)
Why does #Baylor uniforms looks like they are picking up trash later in #kcmo? safety dance!
Has anyone seen "Gainsbourg?". Recommend?
hope yall havin a good evening
Important skills for hum. data cur.: Knowledge of interoperability and standards, metadata, markup, db design, project management
I need to figure out my life like .. Now.
big brother couple needs to go!
Sitting at Pollys waiting for breakfast. Taking a long time.
Wow what a great fight!!
I want to recreate the monkey- squeezebox - nascar crop top scene when I'm home in May
S/o to local entrepreneurs making it happen
Will send an update when I get it done, probably tomorrow (hopefully!?)
you've picked div 3: The scientist: the power to be analytical, and highly employable. and what would you give up in return? sleep
Keep working #Bulls!
the people who sent them there. How often does that really happen? It’s not to say they can’t have their own opinion
You know who I miss? Owl City.
,hi justin you is my inspiration.. I'ma Belieber..... Followback me.....
oh my gosh, he is SO happy.
I fell like closing up and kicking everyone out
RT RT : ~ “Any kind of lasting success is rooted in honesty.” #Quote Well Said!
Can't wait for the Boyfriend video!
TX is 1 of 9 states currently considering campus carry; similar bills are in Ariz, Tenn, Mich, Okla, New Mexico, Fla, Neb and Miss.
only home i can be ugly , hehhehehehe !
Sebastian's Restaurant in Caledonia, WI (Best Restaurant EVER), just added Strauss Lamb Chops back on their menu!! AMAZING X2...
I cannot wait to see this new project!
Doing the right thing doesn't always feel right. Have a nasty feeling I may be a key player in 2 fellow employees quitting/getting fired.
Downloading The Devil Inside...let's see how scary it is
Welp getting braces next week!
RT God turn the heat down
Well, I'm relieved I got behind on This American Life and never listened to the Apple episode.
Praying for your precious daughter and family! So concerned.
come with yeah?
Water has a taste that you can't explain.
Booked Palm Springs, CA Vacation!
your abs just reached 3k followers!!!!!
I then did in a whole pack of that Dos Equis and its only 4...guess I'm celebrating
Career/Business enhancing #SHRM events coming up! We'll keep you informed & look fwd to growing our connection with you! ^EB
i'm glad to hear that.
IM SO FKIN TIRED
For , benefits of #p2p complex services were $600k in savings in first 6 months & greater visibility & traceability
“: just baked about a thousand cupcakes... so tired.” -
..... The Particulars.... Hard to Convince ..... Kill the Books ..... Frozen Fool .... The Butcher's Playlist ... General Meh
Keep your eye on prize! RT : Victory belongs to the most persevering. ~Napoleon
Everyone follow my friend she follows back :)
I agree wholeheartedly.....
AUGUST SPECIAL: Pay just $4.99 for a slice of cake & a 12oz specialty coffee any time, any day this month! Come see us today!
he had some stuff he didnt take care of
Huntington beach is legit. I'm a while away from there though. Where you work?
RT I didn't see Hunger Games over the weekend, but I did go to Chipotle with a crossbow. Free burrito bowl!
Do it! RT : woman in nail salon just keeps staring at me. Not even being casual. I'm about to yell BOO! in her face lol
and I need to have a Rock Band day again.
I had to go to my high school today and it was lame
Use coupon code 201NOW at chainstoreguide.com and save $201 off any purchase
is dad coming from sf today?
Aloha from Indiana! Your welcome.
If i was at home id be stalking track stats right now
Thanks for the follow guys! Much appreciated...
i hate being sick :(
oh no doll sweeter than you.
Yay! Thanks for the ambulance! hehe
I can't watch the Avengers until I finally see Captain America.
Where's the penalty on Torres this is bullshit IS A JOKE
O's come back falls a half step short! However, there is a clear difference in this team and the atmosphere in Camden Yards this year!Go O's
probably checking if elbow by gasser was malicious or not. #badgers beating #illinois 62-50 w/ 1:27 remaining
yes!!!! You should, you would love it :)
good luck :D you need it :b
To the barrel of crackers we must go.
Criminal defense is a lethal game of chess and I am a grandmaster...
A terrific line-up of visiting media scholars arrives soon for a critical walk through of the iMAP showcase. Very curious!
everything and nothing all at the same time.
RT : Day 4 without caffeine. Have not murdered a single person yet. <- Good on ya, lad :-)
are you a trash bag? because i'd like to take you out next wednesday (;
Many thx to Dan Jae Smith, summer graphic design intern from Shepherd, for making us look just a little bit better. Good luck senior year!
depends. david blaine kind of magic or siegfried and roy kind of magic?
is your Papa giving you $?!
treble: women ain't nothin' but.
Damn, cant believe dat fuckin lost, (damn, now I'm bout 2 lose bout 25 bucks) days fucked up (I had faith in dat team)
I will be there, i think i know where it is
Jimmy Damon signed with the tribe........sweet
Dale earnhart jr did will today
OnRoute Digital Media launches mobile platform “BreadKrum” with the New York State Broadcasters Association (NYSBA).
Haha I know :)
“: #FF Love these guys (thx for the drink!)” Thanks!
Thanks bro! RT : Loving what #terencevaughn, Nick McNack, and did on 's record.
Look at y'all.
Great night tonight with and :) can't wait til Tuesday:)
mommy let me hang out with my friends this isnt fun
Yeah...I'm discovering that. Nat Geo's photography (of people) has issues too, but wildlife photos are gorgeous.
It's really tough to change your email address. Even though you tell people, they'll still use the old one. Choose wisely!
With the crew
RT : Time to Grind! Time to Grind! Time to Grind!
welcome to Kansas, home of the greatest supportera club, #SportingKC #
i hate to play stupid but what do you mean 5rts?
I love that because I'm a "computer person" other people think I'm also a magician. Well, presto!
a sample, or two...or 8. Who's counting?
Gotta catch up on episodes of Southland. Nice to see Lucy Liu on there. Such a great show.
Appreciate that.
sound like a good day for Narvey to spin a little No-No himself!
#am #i #annoying #with #my #hashtags #yet #? #mwahah #evil #child :D
invest in the artifact. smal runs. more art. social games to encourage sharing thru the shop
Thanks for the favorite!
CD Release Show TMW NIGHT! Don't miss out on picking up an advance copy of our newest release!
A2. Well, he's not playing #bass yet, but that's cause we haven't signed him up for lessons yet.
Lessons are inherent in each experience if we will only listen
Shitttt im so nervous o.O
What kindof band? Why so frustrating ?
That Was My Guess :(
Any non-profit/charity organization that would like to participate in fEASTival 2012 please email us! We have a few booth spaces available!
Awesome! Would love to keep hearing about what you're experiencing - keep me posted :)
Sang for our supper last night at ABQ Sprout. And . . . we're still hungry. Made some new friends, though!
Happy New Year :)
It's not that I don't want to lose weight...
CRAPPY TIE
Given the competition, this has got to be the worst start of Strasburg's young career.
Just like old times.
I've out grown a lot of people in my life. It's really pathetic, because they're all older than me. Some people will never grow up.
Happy Mothers Day. You Still Owe Me Olive Garden! 😂😂😂😂
Disappointed that there is no Readability bookmarklet for android. Maybe i should switch back to Instapaper
I love how a tweet can be the shot in the arm I need :-)
#superartfight popezilla more scary than actual pope? Not likely.
Here in California at least, 95% of people drive automatic and are scared of driving stick shift! :)
We had a great day at #Cary Train Station learning about . Thank you I think I'm ready for train travel.
whats sad is i didnt even have to look that up to make sure i didnt miss anyone lol
If you haven't yet, go to the link on the right side of our Facebook that says "Suggest to Friends" and suggest us to everyone.
I am going to fail, my first quiz, COME'ON Tumblr, I can't study
Have to give a "By the Numbers" speech at #Badgers season-ending reception tmrw, but struggling for a hook. Any theme ideas?
Top Latin Music And Salsa In Denver
CF-Bro I should say
AT&T is doing an awesome job correcting a billing error since my upgrade to the 4S. Love the business account, less wait time.
RightFit for the #Bears: Mario or V-Jax? Why not both?
Promess tomorrow wil be NAVY YARD!
probably not.. i think i have acquired like 4 parking tickets in the last month
Good luck doing whatever you're doing!
RT : Join Us! Saturday, April 21st at Malapardis Park in Cedar Knolls, NJ, for the Greater Parsippany Bark for Life event.
you a rapper but you aint catching on
I love you & that cat! Wish I weren't allergic :(
Agreed. But he needs to rebuild confidence to get back to where he was at beginning of last season. RT isn't that what...
most beauty supply places sell 'nail polish thinner' - problem solved :-) I use it and it helps polish last forever :-)
RT ": Whatever you chase will run away from you. So stop chasing success and realize you already have it all." Word, much needed.
Patrick and Natacha married? Uh oh 😍💗
You go Ms NicNac, at 22, that's exactly what you're supposed to do. Try everything, figure out what works for you! Enjoy!
I told you Mayweather is messed up in the head! RT Justin bieber wit the money team??? lol what is this world coming 2
Oh how I adore my favorite day!! A little work, good friends, food & beverages & some fun. Perfect! Time to say Gnight. Sweet dreams. :-)
Wasn't funny at the time, though. RT this made me laugh.
look at the cards schedule an pick a date right meow!
good point. I'll let you know when I get a chance to try it out
i appreciate it <3
"I'ma need you to shut up cause people are taking a test" "I'ma need you to suck my asshole & leave me alone"
I'm trying to find someone willing to pay 200 to go with me lol
Common as fires have been recently, there has been little advance made in the last half-century in the method of escaping that danger.
I hope the queen dies.
Buying $6 Trader Joe's prosecco like everyone else.
I fuckin love !
can we cuddle?
Yes, Meat-Eaters. You're crazy about bacon. We get it.
Better - glow sticks and neon mood lighting
Might be out of it this week
July 1st they become a member of the SEC
Great time @ Mission Beach w/Destie's school. 1000 kids pickin up trash & being taught 2 save our #ocean! What a great way 2 spend the day!
on it. Downloading now
Are you back in LA anytime soon?
i hope the Saints bury the Falcons
I Come home and watch spongebob #loser #YOLO 😜
nice to know that u r a beliver. please uphold me in ur prayer. thanks
Your goals should be of such importance that just reading it elicits excitement, desire and a willingness to do whatever it takes.
Your blog posts have the wonderful & bracing effect of reminding how very little I know about many things. In this case: JavaScript.
.....it's already closed. Sorry!
im tuned in have you checked out my video blog on youtube? www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87
Sorry... I wish I had better news.
Kyaa~ Sounds lovely. I'm crossing my fingers I get a Kindle for Xmas/birthday--I've got books coming out my ears these days.
Know your roots cinco.
thanks for the tweet, donna! appreciate it :)
Saw an interesting FB post, lamenting about how FB is getting more "my-space like". Interesting timing on the day of FB's IPO.
OMG! I missed u! Hope all is well! Please email me ur cell number! I'm kind of bad when it comes to twitter.
the finished frog eyed sprite on wheeler dealers is a cute looking car!!
The problem with having co-workers with the same shoe size as you, a cute pair comes in and the claws come out, haha!
Verizon is messing with my NBA playoff watching. TNT is down.
“: Not sure if this falls in the new restaurant category but is my 2011 favorite new eating spot.”
Merry Christmas!!
Sing and make music from your heart to the Lord, always giving thanks to God the Father or everything.
My new play: The Agony & Ecstasy of Ira Glass, how twee reporter misunderstands how theater works.
Maybe I need a "Jimi thing" is what I'm looking for~ ;)
Two words - cooties.
it's from 8:30-12 M-Th in Rockrimmon (in-home Montessori) $125 for the week and her classes are tiny! She's a great teacher
wait, you already read the first book, right? If so, yes PROCEED with #CatchingFire, which is the second one. Yay! It's so good.
RT : #Reds win, 6-5, to take the series. Off day tomorrow, face the Cubs beginning Tuesday.
My eyes have been watering for 2 hours now
after years of resisting, i have succumbed.
sho did call me
you think all those roads you drive on, food you can safely eat, medication you can safely take are free. Government is working...
Tell George way to go! We pay all our attn to Afghanistan/Iraq and ignore the problems in Sudan.
psst, hey Baltimore area restaurants and retailers - if you'd like to donate items/gift certs for our charity, send us a DM!
Y r u so good to me!
Hello, Knoxville. We meet again.
#3wordforyou nice and tipsy
More Happy
LOL, it's a fake feed. While I dig the real Babs, the fake one is much more amusing. :)
Your the dumb one, we're sitting here laughing at yo bum a**!!
Worst advice your Mom has ever given you...
old school marketing is the new craze in my biz... conversion is crushing online marketing by a landslide --> getting-off-your-butt works!
Thanks for the shout out !!!
RT Weston's Marcus McCauley struck out 6 in a no-hitter vs. North Crawford last night as Silver Eagles claimed a 2-1 win.
"BIG ANNOUNCEMENT" - YEAH. Not like i'm a few thousand miles away...so...sorry...but...NOT BIG AT ALL.
Obama, Republicans Ransack Reagan’s Record, Come Up Empty
Looks like XOMBI No3 is out today. I'm gonna go learn more stuff!
Real RCY tho all we had was each Otha I swear
On the menu today: commonplace books, poetic miscellanies, and chocolate covered almonds. But not at the same time, of course.
I am so disappointed A Game of Honor didn't record properly. I hope it records tomorrow.
private insurers demanded double-digit premiums increases every year.
My apartment seats 8 comfortably but there's not one person in their seat, standing room only!!! HOOK'EM HORNS!!!
Spray paint and fedoras. Must be time for Halloween in
are they guys?????
I'm really back on Twitter and Santa has already messed up. Michele Bachman got a Cars 2 racetrack and some kid in Iowa got 10 point bump
I'm going to see Bruno, you know?
Hope bryz zteps his game up tonight shaky the last couple of games
I know this is a late congrats but well done #floweralley magic. And just to think a year ago it started in the 2011 Ashland
#DEFCON: good talk about capturing stray RF signals and data leakage. Easy and cheap, hippa implication.
So it wasn't a stretch, you mean? lol
I don't live in Australia, so I don't know why I need to know that. I'm not so mean that some1 would kill themselves over me.
K Day...I see you
Putting in hard work is the ONLY way to success
April 22 The lift off
Subway sand = *belch* did you hear that???
60 Minutes is breaking my heart right now. Ugh.
Worked on my paper today. Finishing up little details in class tomorrow and working on the power point.
24 the number you sent me is my favorite number(: i love your bio, name, && tweets. we should talk more(:
Just heard this little girl whine in Spanish...sounded so familiar...some things are universally understood
Technology budget for podcast: $0 for software. Some hardware costs, depending on what's lying around...
because it would have been funner i wanted you come to the hotel party yo
Snatching victory from the jaws of defeat since 1983
Chilling with today :)
Christians are all called to some form of ministry, even of it is not to a pulpit.
I dont have time to waster arguing over the computer or a phone.. waste of my finger strength
It's not like there's an off switch.
So curious about people buying hoodies and shirts that state places they've been. Is your memory of Montauk insufficient?
all of them suck dick just like Randy Fat ass Jackson
Quite in TD Garden!
alright time to throw down with a HO~down bring it
thanks for following
every time you retweet one of my tweets, it just reminds me of how much i miss you and everyone else.
Dear Randy Wolf, Home Runs are bad. Sincerely, a concerned citizen
Don't understand what Chelsea Handler has against Diddy. Love 'em both. Why the hate?
Tillman locking down the funk rhythms with Har Mar Superstar.
Ship it. Cheaper than new suitcase and airline fees...
Good stuff, and good luck!
Happy Mother's Day to all my fellow mommies out there. Special shout out to all the SPs back at Job Corps!
how u been lady?
He has a brother Liam that is just as attractive. Liam Hemsworth and Chris Hemsworth.
Way to go Eagles. 3-2 baby...
given.... someone has to get coffee.
what time is the movie
So I guess the hoopla was just speculation. There is still hope for the NBC comedies.
Thank you so much.
Thank YOU! =)
hello girls..check out for a great blog post called Saving Face..... it's full of great tips on preserving our beauty!!!!
Tired of all these little bitches at my school.
Hey! We still need to catch up!
Mailing out more records . This is the last of them. If you want one, buy from the label or the distros. Interpunk is the cheapest.
Overall it's great, feeling great. Training is slower than I expected, but time is at a premium these days. ;-)
they came to the digi tour last year if im not mistaking.
IMLS core values in the strategic plan - working for public good, integrity, collaboration, continuous learning
What tie should I wear at the District conference? I want to look sharp when I'm up on stage.
I'm so tired of seeing these girls with duck face & titties hanging out 😲🔫
Florida state #UpsetAlert #UpsetCity what a game
i love that my biggest problem right now is trying to see the computer screen despite the glare of the sun. #spring! #baseball!
ok brain overload, time to step away from the computer and take a walk, lol
Get up in a Flash. (only other Justice Leaguer I could use in a similar fashion)
Apparently: IHOP = Socialism.
I heard you also have many leather-bound books and your apartment smells of rich mahogany
Yes, your brand does need to be in Twitter, Facebook, etc.
Im seriously always tired..
workin hard for the team. next stop, MANSION AND EXPENSIVE CARS!!!!!!! lol
's dare is: "beautifully bound failures".
Bastian Schweinsteiger NEVER misses ! Great game. Munich is through !
I had one crazy ass dream about fallin.....n i could feel myself fallin n my stomach.
I have a rash from the red dress. 😞
Happy holidays! Big things in 2012 RT : Merry Xmas and many many more from Greg Marius and the EBC Staff
Had fun at MOD's marchforbabies even tho it was pouring rain. What a great turnout! Even saw Calvin from !
Awkward uneven tan ** RT : decided to work on my tan while studying.. i mean why not.
Well I hope every one is going, to have a safe and fun 4th of July week end. I'm off for four days I'm going to enjoy it. Be safe have fun.
I need a do over today
Perhaps, to honor both administrations that pursued OBL a layer of chocolate, and one of yellow cake.
They saying I fell off?....oh I needed that!
Also applies to the Metro.
fasting your belt hippie!
Convinced that during games once the blowout ensues (2 batters in), will invite for "Hug It Out PA'ing"
Have you ever listened to a song so much that it doesn't even sound like anything anymore?
I haven't been Happy with Someone in a While. I'd rather be Alone.
Churchin it up then to lunch oh and shopping. Hm
. A few days ago i heard that video showed marshall did not hit her. Now she didnt show to meet with detectives. Aparently lied
Can you guess what word is most often found in Florida city names?
Look on the bright side, maybe he'll make the more competitive so games against them aren't so one sided
PRETTY PRETTY PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND PLEASE
Curren$y tonight?
!You've been hit by a smooth criminal!
Yes Mary! Me too! It's like unwrapping a satin ribbon with anticipation! Or grosgrain.. :)
ha yeah i already know and chances are he would def help me too, he just did so much for me already like i got the best manager!
when my family came to visit they got lost for 2 hours
Thank god #Friday :)
make sure it's cute :)
These Lebron James stay in school commercials are BS. He was already earning $$ in high school, and not from good grades
Reading original tweets and thinking *i should have fu*cking thought of that!!*
Sittin here bored bout to play GTA IV
- but they are small states if you look at them on a very tiny map :)
First samples have cleared customs and are on their way. Stay tuned.
What are your plans for new years?
lazy, vapid, meaningless analogy. Think before you tweet, Congressman.
Cutting up pink construction paper to make a Welcome Home sign for the apartment door.
Hey, fella. Can you make an intro? And share some backstory one-on-one in the meantime? Thanks in advance!
I think I have zero tears left in me! I can probably watch A Dolphin Tail and not cry a drop...that's says something
oh silence always worries me too!
you'll be all right, big man. In a few short days you'll be playing basketball with Our Hero.
google+ hangouts for museum visitors: yes or no?
So true!!!
Hayward is my sleeper. The guy is a ball hawk
What toys/gadgets are you after this #BlackFriday ??
I was very confused on why would u do that to your child lmao
RT : Nail polish chips on one finger, then I have to take them all off. 😡
"A Streetcar Named Desire" is awesome. Nicole Ari Parker is excellent in her role as Blanche.
I think you are awesome
Insane lines at concessions at amc southlands too. I guess the didn't realize they needed to staff this weekend. Super lame.
Working on a new Geek of the Week post!
Ok, trying to breath. Need to recharge iPad and maybe some calming hot tea...
My main character, Maddie, gets to find out what it's like to live in pioneer Indiana when she finds out she's from there
Yeah, I am hoping to be there on Saturday for senior day before I head to the #PawSox game to (likely) see Dice-K!
Definitely surprised the drop wasnt bigger....
I want to go out but so much work to do :(
Great concert by the April Verch band today in Long Grove!
- nice to see "Monk" being carried as a gender neutral term in the modern day.
MLB drug testing
This is on my bucket list! RT A Visit to the Alhambra Palace in Granada, Spain in Photos
Any great leader will see herself/himself as a servant of that group & will act accordingly. Servant leadership...
I hate repeating myself to people. like stfu and listen.
Why we do these ODH institutes. MT : thanks for funding UCLA #HumNets & UNCC #CompSim. Best experiences of my academic life.
This may truly be my finest moment: "Klout believes you are influential about Nicolas Cage."
#BackInTheDay people useta whoop they kids hell a time out was when you tore a switch off the tree or when they was getting a belt
I think my new motto is going to be "Put some Shea Butter on it" a la My Big Fat Greek Wedding ;)
Huge compliment from my CDC professor "Danielle the hardship you've endured is showing in your grade, your going to make a great counselor."
Lexi's going to live. Arn't you so happy!? She just had some extra blood around her head *i think* so the docters (c)
Yesterday was a productive day of shooting with ballet dancer, Christine Fisler. A big thank you to Christine and the crew
What happened to the translate button??
Did she say it with a straight face? RT Collins says she's "absolutely devastated" to hear Snowe is retiring
yeah! Well technically longwood but yeah
Thank You & for a great experience at #dcintersections. We hope to #collaborate with you all again very soon!
You are way to kind.. but I will happily take it! Thanks!
That sounds like a good time all around :)
Charlie Brown
true. Never knew he heard NFL cases before reading that.
A very special good morning to all those who supported my fundraiser! A special shot out on twitter to ! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!!
I am aka as Kimberly Austin, TV strategist for the Harlem Globetrotters. Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress and host.
still at the office: the bonus round continues!
No headache, no cotton mouth, no nausea... Must have been a dull night. Time to take the Sabbath by the balls. Mimosas!!!
Have an optical freakout sort of mindbusting day! 1111 to u.
“Why are we stopped?” Angel complains...It’s an almost-8-year-old’s impatience, restless with the confinement of the car
Congrats hun, thanks great! What are you getting your degree in?
Thailanded in Bangkok.
Aww are you hun i'll be in your family
-Thanks for the shout out!
Sure, you first? x
I DO NOT LIKE MONDAYS! :(
Tweet tweet. Just checkin in! =D
I love my weave n I'm happy god blessed me with cosmetology skills so I can save money, take care of my hair, n show my skills.
My confusion often leads to good discussion. :)
you are amazing! Such a big fan!!! ^_^ <3
Free fries? You can't beat that can you?
really? Did u check his undies to see if his name was on those too?
"Peyton Manning doesn't already play for Denver" - EC "No" -Me "What's the difference?" - EC Mine and 's recent convo.
Summer of love 2011! And Just Desserts will make even sweeter. Enjoy!
You are never unwanted to me<3
Thanks man! 32 feels fine!
We just got knocked out of the tourney by a team called "I'm here for the gangbang". Lol. I'm not sure how to feel about that.
Drinking Vino and making Chicken Parm
#oomf is so FAKE for that foul shit she pulled ..!!!!
#NP Arnej - Dust In the Wind (Original Mix)
me three! “: Me too!!! RT : Real Housewives of Disney? I'd watch!”
I hope a change will come my way
When in doubt, tweet
Today's lesson: one must always respect the run.
Omg Kevin <3 you are hilarious. Laughing Out Loud!
: lay low and stay clean...lol
your so far away!
Yulsman: Science has so many shades of gray it would "make Ansel Adams blush." Science journalists have to reflect that
Yes! Those r so good too!
So who all is coming to my show tonight in Lakewood???
I. Can't. Watch. *watches between fingers*
only if you want your insulin levels to spike.
no problem can u plz follow my other account ? :)
Brains: the Other White Meat
I need to start tanning again. I miss it.
5 and diner....
If Peyton comes to Denver he could hang out with his ol' college buddy Todd Helton
Picked courses for my first semester of college... Woah I'm so old.
Why must guys be so confusing
ADD has new meaning in 2012 - Always Doing Digital. coined phrase
I found a few nice.to talk to them
Prof Bies: Three things it takes to be successful: passion, competence, resilience!
lool ok (:AustinsHairFolicles? :D that one was stupid lol. im done now. and btw im just hyper/bored so ignore me right now lol
SURE, WHATEVER YOU SAY ;D no no, I'm the same way xD haha
Conference attendees that also live in DC - how are you getting to conference on Saturday?
Go for it Lance! And I trust that will give this thing a fitting number of GoPHs.
Wednesday -3/9/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
As I've been getting caught up on all the work I missed last week, I still haven't seen the #GameofThrones premier!
Thanks for following my tweets. I promise to keep them short and sweet.
We need some more cool badass golf wear, shoes and products! Come on golf companies! Innovate and use some creativity please!
RT : Good Parenting Tips for Mom | Parenting 101 Success: Loren Ridinger a Senior Vice President of Marketamerica.c......
Any Bear items?
"Memories last forever, never do they die, Friends stick together and never really say Goodbye."
Just finished our 1st #HealthLiteracy Train the Trainer w/ ! 10 new passionate health literacy trainers just entered the field!
I am Winterhawk fan, but even I can appreciate the wonderful season and job Cal did this year.
Lazy afternoon...Uggh, somebody wake me up!
aha homework sucks! Lisening to eminem,
I dont like people who cant state the truth
um I don't even know what that is, so possibly not :)
yes, witness media archive reunion!
"Why don't i call/text anymore?!"... The phone works both ways, try it out."
where tha party at?
true, but goes back to telling people what they wanted to hear in'07-'08 to get elected. Also, minorities like TP in anti gay
Quick synapses of book?
i might be going to see 1D onmy birthday next year<3
I wish I had an In n Out burger in front of me right now!
Reminder: The Curried Mobile is cruising to Lake & Stetson between 11am-1pm!!!
"There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot." - Steven Wright
As you probably saw after following the link, Arundhati Roy was chosen to give the Edward Said Memorial lecture
My mother in law is a stark raving bitch!.
Kentucky will not win the ncaa tournament. Even though I picked them to do just that.
Don't worry about all the haters man. Ravens Nation will always be behind you and Joe!
Well no real trees. Fake ones, outta paper. Which comes from trees, Oh no bueno.
Thy will, not mine.
: Call Queen or Diana ASAP!!!
Morning naps >>>>
just checking on you...
God I have not been on much been so busy here and just tired when I get home :(
Truth: When I realize I overslept, I jump out of bed like a ninja.
I would look into Huber's - oldest restaurant in Portland!
Is that Roger Ailes masquerading as Ed Henry?
Thanks for helping spread the word, ! We all appreciate your leadership on kids' issues, particularly poverty.
OH on scanner: Caller says housekeeper is there, refusing to clean & refusing to leave. Unsure if she's drunk or on drugs. Has interlock.
Did you know that with enough sunlight your skin can produce vitamin D?! Have a great weekend! :-)
hooray for free afternoon concerts with JC Brooks & the Uptown Sound!
I need new people to replace all my old friends
Teabag is more degrading.
My wife is mowing the lawn while I tweet and read. Feel kinda guilty. Kinda.
I'm so done with all this bullshit, cause no matter what I do it's not gonna change anything
Love walking outside in the morning to feeling my skin getting fried up like it's original recipe
yeah I'm cool, just gotta make major moves right now
haha. I don't think Taco Bell is the answer to what's ailing me....just having a lonely day.
sounds likes a gud plan
I'm excited to see fancy free this week!!!
Leapster game DORA CAMPING ADVENTURE works on Leapster ...
- it could happen.
You haven't experienced #StPatricksDay until you've done it in Chi-town!! 4 days left!
What do you get at Whataburger ??
Game of Thrones doesn't pale. And they both have Iain Glen and Rose Leslie!
Thanks,you sure got it!
Facebook will not allow me to have more than 1,800 friends....add this page
Yeah. Florida came to a screeching stop. Our inventory of homes here is getting low. That usually requires more building. $$$ :)
I had to find out through someone else about this problem. It was really bad. I called them and was so honest.
Thank you to all the new followers, If you have any questions please feel free to drop us a line.
Yes it is here !!!!! #ESF ELECTRIC SLIDE FRIDAY FTW!
is in Chicago RIGHT NOW doing stand up at #SecondCity and I'm THIS close to getting him in my studio!
RT : The word of God over my life is greater than the storm I'm in right now.
Son: "There's Danny Brown". Me: "The author?". Son sighs.
February is going by so quick!
Woah has it been a long time since i talked to you!?
Thinking I should order more circulating copies of the Chicago Manual of Style, etc.
Bloomsday Billboard: "YES!", but "NO" to chicken kidneys.
Finished working and crafting some monologues with director Stephen Jobes today.
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT@
You'll figure it out. Like you said, you have plenty of time...
No, though we're a membership-based organizations that has dues.these all go toward events, tho
... Fuck themselves, you dont just steal a song like that, of course everyone is gonna hate you now because that is such an asshole thing...
Education for the mind, exercise for the body, religion for the spirit
ok and thx
I need to stay awake, more coffee pls
the stanley cup finals are 4 series of up to 7 games: 4 wins by one team ends the series. it takes 6 wins to take the stanley cup
Mel Gibson....IS A JOKE
thanks 4 following!!
“: Yes, I know who killed me. Yes, I see the irony of the Head of Slytherin being killed by a snake.” so sick
Tonight! Our houseband performs their own headlining gig at $5 to check out #BroccoliSamurai and 2 other bands.
How was your hs reunion tonite?
can you follow me? You're the best!
likely more tests for insurance justification followed by surgery. Tech today was amazed I worked and was not on disability.
“: Come on Knicks!!! We need a NY team that actually wins”. What about your Jets? They have Tebow...
Hell, now I'm all pissed off ... gotta try and go to sleep now.
4th period senior exams are tomorrow.
good luck with all your stuff too chyna doll! xoxo thanks for listening to my melt down today! i did email Helen. IT WAS ON!
any games on Sunday that might interfer with mother's day brunch plans around 11am?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌅
lol yeah cuz i only got 15 credits left
Dunbar punt return for TD- missed extra point ... Dunbar 13 Coolidge 7.....
Show your support for independent artists!
Soccer game at 11:30. Let's get it.
Excuse me for not feeling sad for JoPa. He was a good coach, but he was not a great man. He did nothing while kids were raped & molested.
Welcome to our team ! John joins us as our new tourism manager.
Can't wait for my bruh to slide thru
I feel you! Who are you riding with?
If I were at the game, I'd try to get an "Eat the Clock! Eat the Clock!" chant going.
“When you're safe at home you wish you were having an adventure; when you're having an adventure you wish you were safe at home”
already on it (;
RT if you abbreviate words too much and your parents can never understand you. Lol
nothing much
I wanna see the pictures from today! :)
#BYOB2011 was fabulous - says niche to get rich
Most troubling abt Trayvon Martin's case. Is that it's not even a "CASE". It's how do we justify Zimmerman to set an example
all about the ligaments...
Would love to hear your feedback. Building anything cool?
If you love expository dialogue, sci-fi jargon and garish late-60s Technicolor, you're in luck: TCM is running "The Green Slime" right now.
BUNNY BASH!!!!! CASH DROP!!!! Two weeks from TODAY!!! Club 212!!!
I was in the best mood but now im kinda annoyed... Gonna eat my dinner , shower & then bed..
I bet all u ppl following this kid on twitter doesnt know that im an arab who plays basketball better than this cambodian bitch(:
Today is clearly my retweet Tuesday.
Good luck to the Hoosiers tonight vs. Michigan. New IU tees coming real soon. Stay tuned...
My wife's phone:
thanks to you and
"Or is everything im doing to late"
oh what is it!??
it was alright. Just no English what so ever.
Anyone here loves justin? Follow me ♥
Cadyn is graduating Kindergarten tomorrow! My lil man is growing up! Can't wait to have him here all day w/ me this summer = FUN ;-)
#GoTribe in other news, i bought an azteC patterned vesty yesty, maybe now i can go back to my home tribe
Watching family Guy
By midnight.. but has access to MY garage until Friday at 3:00. So frustrated.
I want my own Tim Gunn. He should live in my apartment and give me a pep talk every morning.
Didn't go for a run today and missed it.
What hurts the most is being so close. And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
what players are you offering? Refresh my memory...& if you're squeamish about suspension, I'll take Braun off your hands...
Scoping out a lady who rents wedding gowns. At the FLEA MARKET. In my dream no one would talk to me and I was all sweaty.
thanks so much for the follow!
Must sleep. Gots to edit before work tomorrow. *sees light at end of tunnel* Tweet y'all at 4:30am.
industry night tonight!!
#CHICO hasn't changed much, still tons of booze, hot ladies, crazy drunk dudes everywhere...
That what makes you beautiful! #OneDirection! <3
now following
Mf's kill me ! Acting like they dnt forget shit sometimes....just fckd up my entire day -__- !!!!!
Thanks for the RT's y'all, I appreciate it!
: "Just took my last class of my student career...EVER!" Be careful what you wish for! :)
Why, I want you to! At this point theres no absolute way I can get the money..I spend it too much on other bands.
He is so good. But people hype him up too much about being clutch and it gets annoying. And Lebron is better.
Excited to announce that I'll be playing the role of Fran Walker in Frank D. Gilroy's THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN opening September 23rd.
Screw a wink and a nod. The Obama team went for the full reach-around on that one.
Madeline Albright is one hell of an interesting, thoughtful and awesome human.
we'll skype very soon. Is 11 too late? I think it might..
will you be inn tomorroww !!!
I forgot my grandparents were coming today from DR 👏😊
Hey bro, you and brocha been in my prayers everynight...
wh...who are you?
RT : As part of NYWA's 20th Anniversary Celebration series, we have two events in May that we hope you will celebrate......
Just got bak from grocery store and got me somr snicker's ice cream yum
Sitting by open windows...reading...enjoying a gorgeous day. Contemplating a walk.
RT : Daniel Kraft: the 4P of the new era of medicine: Predictive, Preventative, Personalized, Participatory at
Another great day for a ride! Let us know if we can help you in any way! Open until 8!
let me know what's next..
I bet! Unfortunately my paper is on peasantry and their reaction to modernization in Europe in the 1900's based off of 5 books :(
ever thought of managing Christian Artist?
gshit i hate waking up with a headache
when is your album coming out?? :)
Just noticed new avatar.
OMG. So glad to finally connect with you! Safe travels to Alabama and can't wait to work together! Woo hoo!
Became a Department Head in the Business career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
You're welcome!
I just definitively proved Tom Hanks looks like head of Cauliflower.
Not really looking forward to starting both sides of the ball this week.
Barack Obama It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur
You have cute feet! Lol
Im pretty sure Ted Nugent's song "Cat Scratch Fever" was written about the dangers of transmitting Feline Aids.
good luck! I hope you don't fall and accidentally break something
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo YOU KNOW YOU MAKE ME WANNA SHOUT!
Another one of my favorites. Hope you like it!
On the subject of names
yo wat it is for tonight
Weekend warriors welcome.
and the rest of the L's is Laundry because of the LOSS you spilled your LIquor yelling at the Ladies to MOVE lol
Big wind storm... from your house to mine!
RT : Just what I needed after an eventful couple of days. Drinking a Éphémère Apple (Pomme) by 're such a girlie :)
Behind this polo is a rebel of society
...Chix Mole at Nancy's, Milwaukie. Laura of Taco Loco fame has taken over Nancy's kitchen. ("Best Things We Ate In #PDX Last Week cont.)...
Thanks! Glad you like it.
I wish I had someone by my side to be mine. :/
Yo I'm really killing you in the snap back game now
i love beliebers & directioners, they're both my families & this trend is completing my life. Beliebers And Directioners Are Flawless
"Happiness is a choice. You have to choose it- and you have to fight for it." Drew Barry Moore
When my dog behaves poorly I blame it on his past at the shelter, and when I have a son I'll do the same thing...
hat controversy shows whre NFL's mis-guided media priorities are. Akin to blackout rule, alienates fans.
I wish I didn't stutter. 😔
Sigh. Why do we keep voting to oppress others? Why do we do we deny others these basic civil rights?
I usually leave mine home depending on the studio.
As of right now, I only respect one person on that team and that's Rondo.
My lame ass bro juss made a twitter lol go follow him
Everybody needs money. That's why they call it money.
Thank You!!! RT : Added. Good luck. ~smiles~
Just booked June 8th for Woodfish @ Planet Surf! Spread the word!
Thanks! Just used it in a video shoot this am and it was a REAL hit!
We are DEFINITELY recording some vocals tomorrow >p
i firmly believe that tyra banks is the person who has contributed the least to american society in the last ten years.
I have a really good feeling about this season. Can't wait to see what they bring to
In LA this would be dogs hiking Runyon complaining about credit card debt RT FOR EXAMPLE: what if your dog is too adorable?
Bigasoft DVD Ripper 30144420 - pocket pc pda
I didn't mention that they were both male cats...
I ordered it with a PL mount to get it quicker. The Canon mount is back-ordered, but I'll get that someday too.
Just got the Magic Trackpad. I'm always a little late to the party but I eventually get there. Always love Apple packaging
RT : Maurice Sendak, author of "Where the Wild Things Are," 1928-2012, RIP.
A great assistant coach is only valuable when they make the commitment to the kids
"Call Me Maybe" pandora station surprisingly good.
why did #Yelp put my small business on the hit list? Why does YELP filter out EVERY REVIEW my business gets?
And this is why we are friends.
RT : Sorry bt Drakes version of "Fall for Your Type" is so much stronger! Come on Jamie F., I expected mor.....
Nice! I erred in the other direction. Had to buy a black t-shirt to replace my tux shirt so I could be in all black.
just curious: why are you forgoing page images altogether? couldn't they at least be useful additions?
plain Jane
Satire comes in many flavors. Happy green eggs and birthday cake to Laraine Newman, Tom Wolfe and Dr. Seuss today.
We know that romance brings out the beast in you.
I believe it. Flying right now is so unbelievably expensive because of fuel.
I never clap and tell ;)
I just sent & an uber long (& hopefully great) email. Totally jealous you get to eat there & hang with them.
hmm please check with live help, it might not be available on your package
I miss u....i said we should chill
glad to help!
Congrats! : Honored to serve a full term as OKGOP State Chairman. Thank u to the 1,000 plus delegates who attended!
Are you FUCKING kidding me ...
Never give up..
Are companies missing the mark with Pinterest or are people truly engaged with these brands?
Farm day today with the junior high! Going to be a hot one!
I'm human, I'm allowed to change my mind. And arguing with you is fun, it's entertaining to watch you try. ;)
yeah cool
I've always heard "pricked up his ears" / "his ears pricked up." Now that I'm thinking about it, though, they both seem odd.
Prosecutors: Man who robbed Radio Shack tracked down using GPS he stole
"Some people called it taking shelter, but she called it sweet revenge."
My mom is the only girl who makes me a sandwich. :(
Hi Wendy, haven't heard from you in a while. Thanks for following me :)
happy holidays!
Lunch at Smoke Shack - I practice what I preach - yum!
Looks like it's really true. I'm deeply saddened - two greats pass away: one in the ring and one on the mic. Too much...
Thanks, man!
ABC Family does that too (PLEASE don't ask why I watch ABC Family :-)
yo im so in love with yours words and how u express them .....
In Chicago. Getting food and then resting up. Big week ahead & looking forward to it.
Don't make buttons that say "publish". It scared people. Try "share" or "good enough" instead.
I think im done with_____for the of my high school years as i promised
Even if he walks Jones or gives up a hit, it'll be a good learning experience.
Health is not simply the absence of sickness.
I can't beleive thought the #packers might loose!
What award did kristen stewart just win? I missed it..
Nothing better than a weekend in the northwoods of WI
not even easy like a sunday morning??
I need a Dj from the Gulf Coast to hit me up!!
I couldn't risk the possibility of another heir...
24 little hours.
If you are at the game, please go over and strangle Tommy Edwards for me.
#FamousLies - "That was my last piece."
I'm over this shit ! 
WTF? Why are you always commenting on my stuff lol(:
" RT : Wishing you all good things this weekend!"//You too, Maggie!
I SMELL LIKE DONUTS
Grammar is important! Capitalization is the difference between helping your Uncle Jack off a horse and helping your Uncle jack off a horse
We now have $235 out of $600 to help Saraswathi go to college! We're making great progress - thank you much for your generosity & support!
Can we throw them as we walk down the aisle? RT : Jeweled daggers-more ladylike! RT sword-laden bouquet!
Yay New Directions!!! #Glee :D
Yea I didn't really think he had to either (just trying to be supportive, lol).
You dont like what i gotta say??? Idgaf "@" me !
I am a definite maybe at this point.
The very first Olympic race, held in 776 BC, was won by Corubus, a chef. #odd facts
Thank you so much for listening! Keep in contact, we'll be releasing a new song soon!
Me too
HOW ARE YOUU?!
B/c I love you and we've been together for over a year now. We are constantly talking. How can you not be on my mind 24/7?
Hey, Bay View - we need about 5,000 empty PBR cans. Start saving up and redeem them for some PBR gear. More details to follow...
Every time it comes on I watch one of my favorite films everyone should take the time & watch the best can't stop laughing
Oh no. You OK?
WOW, that's weird because i have an I at the end if my last name and u did that today.
A+ Modern Family episode tonight
I missed u by like 5 hrs in boston. Here with cooper right now. Whereu at????
RT : Ideas for building a new city? Engage future citizens. Create a community before it physically exists.
I've never heard so much complaining about a free product.
yeah, I got it! No worries.
Thanks for the RT Elaine!
Photoshop, perhaps?
Without action from Congress, student loan interest rates will double -- costing $2,800 per student in interest alone!
Wonder if got here and thinks it snows all the time. From sunny Colombia to the northwest. Weather shock.
Hahaha,You are so right~!
SUSPENDER DANCE. Oh, Gravy. I love Math Class.
I will try to be informative with my tweets. Thank for following.
No it's not makeup, it's only Obagi. I wouldn't expect you to know about anything other than Neutrogena. I just chose quality over quantity.
does the #NF stand for Not Following? I need to do better and checking my new followers. I got you! Please forgive me, lol.
just posted a free download of it! :)
Very cool.
What's good brotha. I see you out on the road killin it.
I wish all the walls in the were glass, so you could see the backs of the paintings.
Man I will feel old when Tim Duncan retires, seems like yesterday he was at Wake Forest
I made it to Copenhagen. Having a fun time with my hubby. We leave on our cruise tomorrow.
Hi Mickenna.. I hope you are feeling better. Have a great day. Hugs, Allen
Hi! ! Welcome to Twitter! You will have so much fun!
RT Somedays I could seriously go for a lunch back at the Saint X Tiger Den
We believe that a great BBQ dish is not complete unless it's accompanied by an authentic southern side dish. What's your favorite side??
Went to Stanley Hotel yesterday and "Lucy" told me it's time to "Release The Tebow!" even the dead agree it's time and long overdue...
Follow me...Please... Olive yew;3
that's deep
Author John Elder Robison Talks About #Asperger’s and His New Book "
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys🌺
Who had a chance to see 's screening at The Regent Showcase Theater today?
I need to start packing. I hate packing. Urg
Good morning everybody ♥
I am surprised that Yates is getting time to throw. Needs to start making better decisions.
What athlete prays frequently, but only at weird, unexpected times? Tim Tivo . . .
I'm goin in
that last RT was just a fail
Why is it that I have always been there for you, but you cant be there for me.
Roger. Sterling.
marinate and grill, no smoke.
Thanks for following Peter. I hope all is going well with you. 1990? What a gift!
I am member of the "Late Bloomer Generation" and proud of it.
nicely done! I've got 3K to catch up on myself--thanks for the motivation :)
Well done on the bench press today my friend, but not surprising!
also, i'd really like some guacamole.
WHEN? TONIGHT?
um ive never gone on anon on tumblr cuz bitch im str8 up ;p
Get it WET.
- It was lovely chatting with you today :) Love to you & happy leap year!! xxoo
Cold weather :))
Its all about strong networks J!!!
Me too! Except mine wasn't a joke, it was a "maybe this isn't completely crazy"
gimmie one good reason to back that up.. cause im bout to put u in the hater category for that lol
I'm trying to be curmudgeonly. Not coming across too well?
Novas fotos publicadas por Joe Jonas no ... - Jonas Brothers Brasil
I kinda dig it...
Why do you think u got for Christmas?
lol chill but why you mad ?
At for another 3hrs- who's ready to make some bad decisions w/me and Krishna?!?
When is the deadline to #donate?
I called on David Parker to resign and it didn't happen. Oh well I guess you, me, and everyone else will have to GET OVER IT!
truth. Produce results or move on. Real world.
I appreciate the RT.
3 things ok foster grads are NOT; common, forgotten, alone. Via
Anybody know about summer sports clubs in NYC? Outdoor softball or kickball or anything?
People who watch probably will not watch the Animal Planet so those commercials probably aren't working. FYI
wait what
We loved with a love that was more than love
They order cheap thing in order to make more money.
If using a chart in ur #resume, also tell story in text. When converting the file for online apps, will loose the formatting.
It's our last day this week has been life changing, we created art, hot tracks & our sonic vision came alive
& the Shrines or BBQ? I'll take Shrines.
if i could find someone who naps as much as me i would be all for having a nap battle.
RT : So how long u gone leave that weave in ???--- lol that's funny. But a lot of girls need to be asked tht question.
Free girl band name: "Kiss Attack"
Congratulations - I hope you make use of some material from Super Mario Bros.
self-emergence seems rather Kafkaesque and self-organizing seems to result in my odd wardrobe choices...just sayin'
I'm excited to be expanding into the Pittsburgh Market. Stay tuned for more updates!
no prob bob best song ever
Aww thanks :)Your welcome! love you too! &me too :)
As in tattoo ink?
we are both from alabama
just glad u made it back!
You know whose beautiful? Read the first word.
Looking forward to the #MAMP Marketing Seminar next week
Can I have senioritis if I have been out of school for over 25 year? If not, too bad cause I have it good!
Did the agenda 4 the monthly meeting w/ Library/Archives, Education, Research, Publications, International, and Grants departments
The mint tea I just had is proving a more effective soporific than I'd really intended.
Hi, Again, Kevin. Thanks you so very much for the RETWEET! Wishing you THE BEST!
those little teeth cleaning pellets were like a rake in my eye.
why won't he?!
Wow. Why they wait till the last seconds before doing something?
40% off at the ASUN bookstore! Go Pack!
work until 3 then off for the weekend :)
I love u! #they both can breath air n the gas chamber
"IM RIGHT. IM ROUND. AND IM GETTIN' IT." - James Lamont Adams
In W25: Optimizing Your Website at #CILDC and want site feedback? Send your org's URL to today.
I really need to stop procrastinating. I'm so easily distracted today.
#OWIF: There are no sharks in the Mississippi, right? Because there is an enormous fish swimming under the raft.
Dear - Get yo sexy butts to texas. Please and thank you.
um what?? :'( are you saying what I think ur saying?
yea but only Bridgewater would help. If you're the NIKE team you should have the 12 best La. Kids.
gd luck w fest
On behalf of Roxie, BearBear tweets :I watched TV shows begging of the earth. Smart?
what does it look like ?
I was in orlando 10 years ago when I first met bryn
Best segue ever - love your tweets
so true!! Btw I watched smash!!!! I knew that's who would get the part!!
Love that the weather is getting warmer. Can't wait to do more on-location shoots. Definitely one with a sick motorcycle.
Is it too early to take a "nap" ??
How's it going. give me a call about a possible opportunity.
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
And now there's no fucking sound
2 Legendary Talents and Sex Symbols!!! #LOVE YOU FREE!!
Brooklynn in the house. Peeps out there - follow her! She's one of our super talented #TakeTheStage singers!
Judging by Super Bowl wins, Rodgers.
All the other kids with pumped up kicks. Better run baby run faster than my bucket.
I want fresh shellfish now
Happy Birthday good sir!
Excited for this!
If you want to try something different then the club scene..Try a Speed Dating Event!!! Register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
Just ate mold.
Craig Sager tall as hell. he was taller than me
uhhhhhhmmm where are you.
oh hell no. The Braves have been struggling since the all star break and now this. Their comfy WC lead will be gone soon.
I just looked up "Amoeba" on a baby names list. Sadly, I couldn't find it.
Take me down to the river, yeah
*listens... I know u ain't playin in that toilet
Save money and Make money with Forever Lliving! I'll show you how!
Game on in Chicago!
don't you (being the stewards of the 99%) want to see his taxes as well? Transparency is optimal; no?
Who's going to come out ontop in the 2009 Mr. Olympia this weekend???? May the fittest , biggest and who has put most hard work into it wins
Still Levitating
Visiting my home town. Always enjoy reliving the memories. "Sigh"
To the driver that nearly ran me down in the xwalk w/ walk sign: "bless your heart." Driving is hard work.
I do most of my lying when I'm trying to get off the phone.
can't complain! Did I see your chocolate being sold in La Colombe?
Mr. Darey: *yells to class* hey would you guys be offended if Esley took her pants off to sleep? Class: No. Me: lmao thanks :')
i followed now c'mon, follow or DM me please. <3 :)
sure no problem
... still THE no1 closer in my book!
It's kind of sad how much I love Mark Ruffalo.
I can actually see my breath this morning.
are u gonna ask her out on a date? Fine with me as long as u r payin!
Happy Monday lets make it a great week once again Redstar fans!!!
Thanks so much! xo
HAPPY SATURDAY! It's almost dinner time what are you going to do!? I suggest you head to the B, Open until 8!
chris brown merked the fck out of rihanna in his theraflu freestyle, my god.
RT DJ MIM's Chocolate City Mix debuts on TOMORROW at 4pm. Keep it locked with !<---Check this out
happy birthday Madie have a good one
You were close by won that contest, thanks so much for playing, you rock!
Big test today and i didnt study at all ah D:
COMING SOON - Vote for your FAVE Twitter charities to receive all sponsorship proceeds #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com
Lessons from political movements in North Africa? How might an African Spring look different?
Self preservation people
lockout workouts were so much fun! Best event we ever put together
YES!!!!!!!! my dad just told us we're going to disney world this summer!! we thought we couldn't! omgomgomgomg yayay
I love my icon, Austin looks so young :)
i'm the same way. once you model you can never got back
and didnt she nail it? heck yea
I'm quitting Twitter. Does that count?
Good morning.! Any recommendations for great restaurants in Scottsdale, AZ.. headed to sunshine.
in my heart? on in heart? :P
But I think it's fair to state that, even for the unconvinced, an 8 seed doesn't mean much when they got there due to woeful shooting luck.
Hey math. Fuck you.
Lmao Yes! I finally just hung up RT : lmfao! Be like. Noo when i say goodbye youll DEFINITELY KNOW!
Women need a reason to have sex. Men just need a place.
Found a movie on Netflix called Sunday School Musical. Um, this should be some luls. Watching liek now.
So proud of , who rocked her debate competition at MCC today! I'd take her side any day.
i need my followers 2tu qedd me some followers lol.
This #patriots game is really starting to get me worried. 3.5 mins left and down by 3
Polls close in 30 mins. Retiring Sheriff says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote 4 Ross!
don't forget your stuff today! Lmao 😘
All the events have been so much fun lately! See you soon! #ABQ #Nightlife #NM #TeamFollowBack!
: Me thinks it's gone… Went live a bit before numbers were there…
I don't like to place blame, just state the facts as they are presented... Less than 30 hours and counting.
Plot twist jonny Craig joins of mice & men to do clean vocals.
Geez people they won both games. There's no law that everybody has to play all 82
I've not played any of those. Sounds like you're going heavy Eurogames. If you've done Dominant Species you can handle Caylus
Trying to decide on dinner destinations and shopping musts for next weekend in Chicago- any advice?
Hopefully everyone is having a great weekend.
Good design is like an ice cream sundae.
RT : Liking your own fb status is like giving a high fiving yourself in public
If you want to return to MLS and KC doesn't play nicely, let us know and we/at least I will pressure SKC for you (as a SKC fan)
LOL...it was fun but exhausting!
A little jealous of Monte's website.... Can we talk?? Do y'all Skype?? Xoxo
What exactly are you changing? Is it something super cool like you're moving to Delaware ;)
Taking a break from writing and going to see Joe Bonamassa at the tennessee performance arts center! We'll share some pictures soon
Hi Jeremy, thanks!
goodness = pre-springtime sunshine. Hold on peeps, it's comin'!
No Problem Thank You as well!
- great tattoo! Love it!!!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Free yourr mind
I have that same issue after almost 20, but it's 40 pounds. 10 for every 5 years.
So...who's going to win this American football game today? I admit I don't know who's playing. Not the Bears, that's all I know :0)
making appetizers for a party I'm going to later.
Thats phenomenal hope we can help
not sure, max isn't one to book in advance, he'll just sort of randomly say it like a week before if it happens!
Who is going to be the leader that we elected you to be and #SaveOurClinics ?
My boyfriend just happens to be my bestfriend , who doesn't like seeing there bestfriend everyday ?
Happy Easter to all my tweeps! We'll also be celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter a week from today!
hey! Busy week for me but if I think of something to do will let you know!
Met someone the other day who said he'd had scurvy. He totally won the cool old-timey disease lotto.
DUDE I GOT A STORY WITH ME AND "a"!!!! im so fraking heated !
pouches? #weaksauce what are you, 15?
Whoever scheduled basketball games this early and this far away, screw you
I got passion in my pants and i aint afraid to show it..i'm sexy and i know it.
Sorry we didn't have more time to chat! Thanks for coming and hope to see you again soon.
RIP Justin Ehni. I'll miss you, buddy. You were a great friend.
hahaha that's great. And yupp you thought right. I've never had that problem :)
tonight hip house at pink elephant nyc:)
Durant Already Warming Up!
Will be here at least til 9.
Annika is wandering through the maze that is the customer service hotline.
Thank you! It's a marketing position. I'm very excited.
Taking A Step Back To Thank God For Bringing Me This Far In My Journey...
I found it via
It's so weird--so I can't guarantee though.
Happy thanksgiving all tweetrs
Now bout 2 hit the shower n get ready for my nieces swim party. Eat n party with the babies now. Drink n party with the grown folks later!
With my brother going hard at the gym!
great read!
Since it's so cold outside did you bring your lunch today so you don't have to go out?
It's lunch time!!! We've got pizza by the slice, salads and more! Fresh, hot, easy!!
I lost myself lookin for you
started playing guitar then some odd little girl started staring at me thru my window o.o
Skinny-dipping in non-private pool, late, on a dark night - foolhardy, or fine? (Looking for a bit of support to bolster my impulse.)
Kirk Cameron is in a firestorm re: his comments on homosexuality. His views represent his faith. Stand firm Kirk. Many agree & are praying!
so sore
It's suppose to be a hot one today.
what if it played exactly this same? Why would the color matter?.... apart from tradition.
People disappoint me. As usual.
My voicemail she left me says.. keep it classy not trashyy <33
I didn't see the first one. But I'd watch Tony Head read the phone book. & I'll ask my favorite 9 year old for a plot summary. :)
Just got back from talking to my niece on why she shouldn't consider being sexually active at her age: 14. Seriously. What's she thinkin?
okay okay Ill keep it
I could never say goodbye to you forever
For NFL players whining about concussions, you're welcome not to play in the league.
Steel town soul is playing spin Bartini THIS THURSDAY 9-midnight! No cover!
so apparently I *am* obsessive enough about details to be a quantoid. good to know.
The Treasure Box visited our newest food distribution site this weekend, Soledad Mtn Church. What a beautiful outreach 4 military families!
Money Mayweahter will down him in 10
Am I the only one who finds it funny that NASCAR commercials are just a montage of crashes and not racing?
Great time at #kickball tonight. Sorry to miss the post game competition. #kickass #poguemahones cc:
Only things I love in life are my family friends Eminem and Pittsburgh. 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
Oh my Kobe!!
I like to believe I'm honing my trolling for when next season begins
Happy Mother's Day to all my mommy followers! <3
Took an AWESOME class @ Colorado Free University (Denver), taught by Charlene Murphy about Twitter for your Business
#educationnation this thread is very interesting/informative. i wish i could have this type of convo with my co-workers.
Go super excited when I saw in the audience on
Sick with a nasty case of the flu. Nada on the 180 channels I have so I am watching The Walton's. Good old time fun or I am just very ill
Great website, easy to find your strings & order, and good prices!
awww me neither I wanna go so bad!!! Sucks
i wanna meet cody :( Hook me up sonic? :(
Almost time to get off
when you know you do your best, fuck the rest /highfive
sounds good, that is what i'm trying to do is get the word out. Got over 2000 followers which is pretty good i think.
I think you may be able to pitch this as a new sitcom to follow
haha uh oh! And it's been crappy weather lol. We have to go out in Memphis when I come down to see my dad. I've never been!!
ah hon i feel so bad for you i hope it goes away soon
Attending briefing with and today to discuss jobs and economy in Miami.
I could always surprise you with a bucket of paint one day?
he looks so manly with his shadow!
Thanks for the RT - puttin' in work!
ow That's really nice and sounds exciting. You'll have to treat me when I get there, you ought to :D heheh
WE APPRECIATE ALL OF YOUR SUPPORT
Rick Perry is going back to Texas to reassess what he thought God asked him to do.
Congrads rangers and lakers!!..moving on!!!!
I've gotten 3 requests to advertise on my blog over the past month... I must have passed some marketing threshold of readership...
h always getting hit in the boob you would think I'm starting too like it..
What's up? I'm ready!
you too!
coy RT : Coy
Don't worry fans... I swear an EP will come out this summer... anyone with ideas on how to turn into live show lemme know
The Smashing Acorn Squashes
: Your lips on my lips...
When I said I was in #TheGoodWife withdrawal, I didn't mean I wanted Danaeyrs to act like Grace Florrick.
lol I meant chill at the clubs and not get crazy but yea I love his show. The penthouse life looks lovely. Be safe ova ther
Eta Chapter is proud to announce 50 new pledges in the Alpha Delta pledge class. GOD IS FAITHFUL!!!
sounds good
okay, thanks! :) we will send them an email tonight!
Love your black nail polish and contrasting shamrock! Good luck, Lucky13s, with your blog!
uhh, i might tomorrow, but i'm kinda nervouss. I have to talk to my mom and probs the school.:\ i'm just a mess right now.
awww he is so sweet :')
"Until the #government’s #monopoly over money is abolished, private enterprise... #money will never have the chance to drive out bad money."
Just got my Montana deer and elk tags. Woot!
I'm following you because I searched for "writers on the verge." Good luck to you!
and of course to make another #roadtrip with and
It's been reported Jessica Simpson has done a $4million deal with Weightwatchers to lose the post-pregnancy weight.
Loving life is a beautiful thang! Enjoy ur day peeps ;))
Very true, no stand outs in the rookie class this year. But hurt or healthy, Rubio would have been runner-up to Kyrie
Happy #TTOT to you too.
I wish I was one of those people who could repeat song lyrics better so that I didn't have to look like a dork trying to sing/mumble along
Lifes coming attraction gets me overexcited if I dont cut down on my imagination n shoemaking
Thanks for the jazzy RT! How's your week goin'?
Seriously . Makes me wanna knock that nigga out .
Hey Longhorn Foundation donors! The 2012 priority deadline is TOMORROW! Get your donation in today!
I guess I'll just get a new car stereo.
The lights would go off at work smh
I might start my own tv reality show. How many of you want to watch me while I use the computer all day, and while I also watch tv all day?
Check out on at 9pm est! Miami's hottest radio station! We are on our way!
thanks! European, can't narrow it down any more since I took a variety of courses. Early Modern-ish in terms of chronology
tummy ache, two nights in a row. no good!
What time is this big lotto drawing?
Ikkkk it was so boring lol
yes, i have more guy friends than girl friends. no, that doesn't make me a whore.
Aw, sweet! So weird from you ;)
Law & order #svu has a marathon everyday
A walk on the weird side
alright, whenever our next Metro or HOB show is and our new album is out we should take care of this!
Fuck it its 5 o clock somewhere
I can has internshipz? [Best Job Application EVER!]
Winner of this game wins the series? Agree or disagree?
I'm not calling you a ghost, just stop haunting me... And I love you so much, I'm gonna let you kill me.
good morning
Casey and her Jail Hair, still managing the pouf.
purple swag!
Men are like roses, watch out for all of the pricks.
DK Wrestling Savior
It is a cultural shift that is driving society as a whole. Not as many religiously identified people nowadays.
I had a great time visiting with the College Republicans at my Alma Mater, Hofstra University, and speaking with Nassau's future leaders
Hey that's neat. I've never been on Storify before!
This is pretty funny!
I was early but metro is late.. Waiting..
Life = Adidas + Nike → "Nothing is impossible" so "Just Do It"
Cape Air Flights a Hot Ticket
Check out our www.purevolume.com/thedares for more songs you can't find anywhere else
No little Ty Breezy YOU shutup and quit throwin that salt bruh.
Largest lead of the season
everyone should know how to play euchure. I only had to be taught 12 times.
What's an upside down diamond?
supper out, party supply shopping, and volleyball with the Fowls, then home to grade papers. Fun night ahead.
I need food and bed! Hurry up Daniel
Be grateful for luck. Pay the thunder no mind - listen to the birds. And don't hate nobody. Eubie Blake
How in the world is my #BBNFam I haven't been on here in a few days! Hope all is well!
Just Watched #STARE. I dig your style. Great job on the video! I would love to work with you sometime!
Follow for updates on new educational film about boys' development in cultural landscapes that privilege hypermasculinity
yay two show days ;) see you soon
omg that's sick!!!!!
u need 2 get on the vo
sure,,, ill follow u back!!!
I don't see why our mother insist on starving us -_-
In the mood for something yummy but a little on the lighter side? Come in and try any of our amazing salads!
I want commitment
- It's Int'l Joke Day, I would love to hear some Funslinging tweets, may even tell a few myself
You might have to disappoint people to take care of yourself, but the greater you become the more you have to give.
I helped heehee follow me?(:
I'm his ride or die its us against the world!!!
there's clearly something to what he's talking about. the one thing they are definitely doing differently this time vs against MS…
Ha, ha. That does describe the color. That and Oompa Loompa.
Rereading William Holtz's "The Ghost In the Little House" for my
#Cardinals select #Patrick Peterson #LSU #NFL Draft
Police searching for young males who jumped MBTA driver behind the wheel. Bus slammed into building in Roxbury. at 5:30 on
come on down! You're one of the cool kids.
dude! OBAMA IS THE MAN!
thanks bud. Good luck this season.
well aren't you just so cool.
College Football #HOF inductee R.C. Slocum began his coaching career at Lake Charles HS in Louisiana in 1968.
Had a freaky nightmare that involved a clown):
qTweeter is awesome!
Wow the fact that our paths crossed is amazing we were just developing a plan to form a bridge of consciousness!
hmu with the info
That sounds worse!
lol i miss you!!!!
The competition has begun! Thanks , you're the 1st to enter for a chance to win FREE admission to our Saturday opening at 6:00!
will there be an official music video!?!
: main pt=when katehi wants to distance self frm events or side-step resp, she flips into PV; uses AV to sound like a leader
What night will Kurt Sutter be on #LastCall?
The word finger-like projections should never be in the same sentence as ovaries.
Brought many of my houseplants in to work...now they are office plants.
Selig was incredibly candid in both his interview and his lecture, especially given how Ozzie Guillen was still dominating headlines.
Thanks for the SOs, guys!! Have a great weekend!!
The #Cavs can't lose this season, they win lottery picks.
motorboat those b melons
Bad ass kids !
Can I take back that text!? Ugh
Yes, but you do have to watch a Bucks/Cavs game.
I think I get out of school next Wednesday. Well I hope so lol.
And cause of that, I'll forever love that song. When we get like 30, 35 and have get togethers I'ma play that and get it poppin lol
Of course you're loved :) Did i mention I am from the moon?? :D
96 notifications make a nigga not even wanna check em all..smh
So little time so much to do :(
I've started a new leviathan. Not yet to the point of posting pics, but expect I will be soon.
I'm mad I almost killed a cat last night
@ nancy, a clever thought flaccid faith
pshh, ya right
i can make it work, if y'all can
Sick ass tweeters u guy are on point with twitter LOL
people saying Kobe is to old.....I hope he keeps aging if it means he's gonna keep dropping 40 on fools..!!
you killed flip cup
ok goodnite beautiful thanks a lot :)
Condoms r a very important part of a relationship. More important than true love
Just picked up like 20 pounds of candy, hopefully trick-or-treaters aplenty tonight!!
“: If you want to be a college player you should already be working out like you are a college player.”
Who even goes to Dot's anymore... lol IDC a job is a job $$$$
In the gym with Vernnnnnn.
Cotto is class, Mayweather is champ. Cotto goes home proud, Floyd with a HUGE paycheck but a prison cell waiting for him
Say "art history mystery" out loud five times fast
Sometimes I wonder; how many other girls he is texting while he's texting me.
If only my #caps had won. Heartbreaking...
earth rotates at 1,040mph, orbits the sun at 66,705mph, and the sun orbits the center of the milky way at 465,182mph. roughly.
you can tweet/Do anything you want
One arm in use 4 days after shoulder surgery. At least I have use of my good arm. I think my Mac has voice to text, anyone know?
Happy New Year! “You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” ― Mae West
fuck yea! By the way, like the new clothing style. Fits you much better than what you had before!
it also reminds me of this illustrator named Istvan Banyai
is he harder then im felling his beats r the hardest right now im sorry no jeffin either
#ff some of my longtime biz favorites
Philly Sports: Former Eagle Freddie Mitchell sues co-defendants
I am too lucky to have in my life!
Yo head gone fall off then. Its a bunch of foolery going on that FB lately
met with Robert Kraft tonight, Head of Film Music at Fox, changed my perspective on a lot of things, such an amazing night
My concert is at rage
Some walk by night, Some fly by day.
I can't DM you because you're not following me. :( Short answer: just house-hunting. I start beginning of June.
oh wow you're too kind :) if ya liked it be sure to pick up a copy of the ep :) and thanks again!!!
Sweet rest and dreams to you both ~ We'll catch up in the new day.
You ever feel pity, anger, empathy, and frustration all at the same time? It's quite something......
you rock
MIxtape Might Release Earlier Than Expected
HEY YOU OVER THERE, WITH A NICE SHINE IN YOUR HAIR, I'D REALLY LIKE TO TALK TO ~YOU~
stop talking to me.
Can someone please explain to me why there is no service in the yet Verizon works great? cc:
but we can talk later on phone for a few to hash out my ideas with yours
Any FTML editors out there willing to donate some time to UW? Need a little volunteer help on a small project.
Oh, thank you. I get it now.
Theres a certain person who goes to EVERY one of Austins concerts. Its annoying seriously. You know who you are....
Listening to on and even though I'm confident in my Photoshop skills, I've picked up some great CS5 tips
Cameron!(: Did you ever try the guava candy I brought for you guys(from another friend) in Pittsburgh last November?
Congratulations to Melissa Sanders! You just won a prize package for the Stone Crabs for your donation! Please call 941-625-4175 ext.203...
cheers! Been too long since I ventured your way for a cocktail. need to change that
-YOU are the BEST! Thanx doll! just emailed you! let me know when works! mmwaa xox
Big shout to all the Canadians.
it's like etowah high.
I've decided that watching Notting Hill for the millionth time is more appealing than watching the Grammys. Maybe tomorrow sans commercials?
Mr. President- we were cool until i found out you signed HR 347. I'm disappointed and would like an explanation.
sorry to hear it, enjoy sun & drinks tho! What is jimmyz?
I don't know exactly when but I'm sure they'll give the order of everything when the show starts. I bet they put it at the end
Just got stung..
#Nashville: Who is going to see and at this Tuesday?
not much time for hanging out unfortunately. I'll mostly be in interviews. You can be jealous of that if you want:)
geesh i hate english maybe if we didnt have so much work it would be a lot funner
The Joy of leadership is helping others succeed. – Roger Stilson
They pick on me for nothing
regular seeing it in 3d next.week
All our dreams can come true - if we have the courage to pursue them. ~ Walt Disney
Im laying the smackieth down on Randy Orton
Okay good night
I hate cooking shows
Almost getting hit by a car
of course. 'tis almost time for diving. :-)
Loving one full hour!
so erm where is the boys' first concert on ther north american tourr?
FOLLOW MY SIS
I tipped over the top! WHERE'S MY BAGEL?!
No DLR-era Van Halen references will work for the #VanHalenFastFood tag better than Hagar era. Sammy at least earned that.
They say the apple dnt fall from the tree but wat if that apple neva falls!!!....
Starting off with some #coffee from Alterra, the day can begin....
On oovoo with my boyfriend<3
Great time chatting RIM careers with WWU ARM students! Very bright bunch. Mentioned #thatdelightfullist and
sure you do
Who wants to help me write #iOS and #Android apps? looking for a few good devs...
A productive two days of working to setup audio/gallery capabilities on our site. Almost time to kick off the weekend!
Noah's ankle. Why is Taj limping?! What is happening.
Friend: I hate One Direction. Me: Oh thank god, more for me.
he`s my LIFELINE
Gonna bike off my frustrations, hate it when ppl don't follow through with their plans. I better not be a damn fool, again..
Thank you for your kind shares related to our Bull Run animated map. Most appreciated.
O ok Thanks so Y 106 say What Trey video u wanna see?
Dear tweeters...don't let Rob Bell's words be more prevalent than God's. God's word is truth - Rob's: his opinion. Teach the difference.
Away from me, all you who do evil, for the LORD has heard my weeping. Psalm 6:8
Follow and get followed you can check it out
Omg omg omg ok I just saw Naya riveras proactive comercial I just died inside... #ilovenayarivera she's fucking amazing!!! <3
Anica, Keely and I say hi harvey!
d'oh.. maybe next time.
Happy New Year! Here's to being grateful for all we have and following our dreams in 2012!
Are you hosting a tour in the South Loop this week, ?
we should totally hang out
6 miles and some lifting
“: Wut u boi how that track season goin” it's straight so far lol
Thank you for the welcome.
I hear that lady! I love your tweets.. so real and true! RT : hey lady...just living
alexa wants to go to the mall with you guys haha but why next summer?
Blue sky day in Mammoth Mountain.
u said she has no accomplishment and u dont like her on here.
I feel bad for #Quebec folks who were mislead into thinking they'd get a team, but a REALLY wish the sad trombone would have played there.
Welcome aboard the tweeter train!
Love is not for me.
text me now.
So what did you think?
you're just awesome. But yeah it's quite entertaining. Hope to see u soon bud nj @ PCA.
Juana: I'm here to support those fighting against #287g, what happened to me is a result of this program.
In need of a good project management system
when are you returning to the homeland?
Spending a nice birthday with family and friends
omg hi mya i love u
settle down everyone: If you are a child of God, You will always be God's. The fact is : Watch your steps, Satan's Children are watching us,
missing the hour already
I wanna live there man. I've heard orange county is the spot
hahaaa omgg I miss you! We need to chill this summer!
maybe some money off in the bill. We went 4 months with our tv like this.
Thanks to everyone who came to our first #PDXCSTS meeting last night! It was awesome to see you all!
Stumbling is not the same as turning in another direction
You're very welcome!
Hey, I miss you too.
Looks like our phone and email lines have been interrupted. Catch us on our mobile numbers until further notice.
Tomorrow's mothers day - don't forget to gift her travel cash on myTab! And did you see our Mothers Day's animated logo on myTab.co?
Rolling in Chicago hipster central. @ crocodile bar. Oh what have you done
I know Im wrong for ridin wit the packers and Im from the chi... but theyre good man. Aaron Rogers is out there
are when you take a breath and politely tell them to shut the fuck up
Aren't jace investors minority? Not taking a hardline on wealth redistro but there's def a case to be made
Enact labor market and employment policies that enable older people to work for as long as they wish and are able to.
I've neglected saying hello today and I want a lap dance from all of you. I'll just sit and wait.
Way to hot outside...gotta be at the beach
What up big homie
Thanks for the follow, Wen!
My friend just asked me "Karina what would u say if I die"? Me: I would say "one less bitch on this world" #nojoke hahha
RT : TO BE HONEST, I'M STILL NOT REALLY SURE HOW TO EXPLICATE A POEM.
fashioning blue shield voodoo doll
Can't wait to have you stay with us. Anything in particular you're looking forward to doing?
there was a man, from a distant land, he couldn't dance, no he couldn't dance
Agreed. Extremely cute, but *my* feet hurt just looking at them.
I don't know any dope smokers who have not given me plenty of other reasons not to have any use for them.
happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. time to party! everyone be safe
This bus driver sucks at driving. I feel like I'm going to be sick.
Listening to and his mama chat with what I call their "Southern Yankee" talk.
It's crazy how things work out! God has a plan for everyone! 🙏
Happiness is an inside job. If I don't have inner peace, than I have nothing. Today, I find time to breathe deeply and look for the good.
so. freaking. awesome. almost froze to death but so worth it to see my pick win!
Oh no! Please leave feedback, happy to adjust if necessary and we'll check in with this driver. cc
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Born To Run
where You work at
Hmmp. Cat missed me more than kids. 1st in after keydrop. Thinks wire on LITA badge are as tasty as wii wire...
I say Phil and Josh.
What if Bigfoot was just an alien. That would make so much sense.
Does the Corcoran Group have any plans to launch an NYC group?
Could be a sweet marketing campaign :)
Haven't tweeted in like two days, working like a dog!
You're the most awesome salesman I've come across in a long time! You should give a seminar yourself! I'd sign up in an instant
There wasn't actually a suggestion for new words, and it was in the intro so it wasn't discussed in depth.
I can't believe that I only have 4 more days of teaching class this year.....Where did the school year go?
- I love you <3
Would you care to carry us- think we'd be a great fit!
I love you too!
What's wrong with you Earthlings?!..
The Amy Senser jury room & the pressures that come with deliberating the case. What our legal expert says is going on in there. KSTP at 10.
ok lets get it back U
One of my best friends got married today! Congrats Kindal and Aaron Haun!
Get your tickets to Wells Fargo Here+Now 20Twelve! I'd love to see you there! Its gonna be great!
was awesome last night.
happy easter weekend everybody and to my jewish friends have a great passover week
Dear Tummy, sorry for all the butterflies. Dear Pillow, sorry for the tears. Dear Heart, sorry for the damage. Dear Brain, you were right.
The ability to use any public restroom and not touch anything with my hands is my superpower.
: No prob! You're a great org. #MKE #Philanthropy makes where we live a better place. THANKS!
yay! Ooh! Tell me how it is. Bon voyage!
I have a fetish for eating pucci ...... But only in a relationship, cause I aint risking my life from a jumpoff even head
Sad we see who really dont love this game. Guess yall should start your own league! Oh well back 2 football..stay great wade.
Thanks for the RT!
Kobe and the Lake Show are going down
: Awesome, presentation! We'll have video soon.
": Newarkpulse is too! RT : Live Tweeting from Newark City Council" Thank u both 4 keeping Newarkers informed
you better be at 7on7!?
I'm out.
I LOVE Grey's! Best show ever! I really miss George though,
Just sneezed
While I'm glad you're happy, I want no part of any Celtics happiness.
Thrilled to have you on the site, Taylor!
My thoughts and prayers go out to everyone affected by the tornadoes today in Texas.
I move in about 2 1/2 weeks ... wow.
Was you happy when watching the End of an Era match. Was u satify by how it looked and how fans acted towards it?
Here we go -- a second season of The Lying Game! Buckle up for a wild ride!
your welcome. (:
needs to make a book of just his tweets
Dont you remember you told me you loved me baby
Great. more ways for people to not work but get paid.
Never realized until yesterday that "People Who Died" by the Jim Carroll Band was the same guy who wrote "Basketball Diaries."
John Carter it is
Let's do it man! I'll be there Sat April 14th for the HIS WOMEN conference and then OAKLAND CHURCH Sun April 15th!
thanks for looking out, we're sorry for the scary dm!
you mean the one who would get picked last and hit first on dodgeball day?
Baton Rouge, let's get wild tonight at the White Owl!
Well you look interesting plus I'm diggin the whole getup :] Im following too now!
Don't call me retarded , you started this tweet war.
Yes, #LakeMichigan is awesome! I can hear the waves on stormy nights. Walking the shoreline is peaceful.
Not soon enough!
Dude dont apologize if u didnt do it u didnt do it
okay whatever bro you change teams every other year. What's next giants. Packers. Patriots? Such an expert analyst
And they are now starting to form.. Playing very good baseball in a weak division
thanks for the FF!
hey u hairy bastard..follow back and i'll let u sniff my butt
RT : In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. Mother Teresa
2nd to last shift at Changs tonight. Thankful for the job the last year. Still throwing shoes and uniform off balcony come Thursday.....
I keep saying to myself W.W.J.D. - What Would Janet Do !
Baby lemme put my body on your body. Promise not to tell nobody cuz It's bout to go down.
haha we got arch bishop curtiss
can I get a RT...I just had my first child. A healthy baby boy.
30 minutes to showtime!
did they cancel it?
trevorleit (trevorleit) thanks for the follow.
that was me lol
congrats, lady! Well done :) And Go Preds!
Have you been running?? I really like yo figure ! Haha
Lucy is snoring with her paw resting on my shoulder. Would take picture but not wanting to disturb - I LOVE my kitty!
ISPs blocking the Pirate Bay in the UK sure seems like plugging the dam with your thumb, doesn't it?
hey! sorry i was so tired last night
so I'm NOT the only one who knows this.. God lol
out here in Tampa listening to hearing in a different market!
This is the critical time that most teams mess up on the road: hotel after pregame meal. Must maintain focus on the task at hand.
#IReallyWant for this work day to be over. 11 days straight is no joke
Running late to pick up 8yo at school, 3yo watching Dora Me:where's my bra Him: I swiped it! Me:where 3yo: follow the map-arms crossed mom
I guess you have a point there. Maybe I was too concerned about my fantasy baseball team's stats to see it
Any suggestions for the best article on the need for open access in the #humanities? Looking to prompt some internal discussion.
"Silent Phillies fan" has to be my favorite sound.
Is this when you had a 3p Armani suit on and ordered the most amazing grilled cheese of your life...#gd x's
Ships today ;)
yes I be so frustrated
Mostly is evaluating articles not only citations but tweets/FB/Citeulike etc.
Some of our dudes are at today working with Crazy good stuff happening.
Purple-spine... Well, where can I hear these spine-tingling sounds? Is it anything like the ROL album?
i4 looks nice...wonder how much it's going to cost?!
I can't wait for summer cuz I've got some stories to share with you guys haha
Dear #NBA , that unfamiliar sound is money being spent on other professional sports.
That awesome moment when your favorite song gets played on pandora 4 times in the day!
geaux #lsutigers! college baseball sec champs.
At the Nursing Home to see my Great Aunt. I hate being here 
you're pushing it buddy. Good thing I didn't make you that extra special limited edition fcisoae tall tee!
You need to close your mouth cuz u aint gonna tie me down!
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
Wow bryz is falling apart
just wanna love ya baby. U are a genius.
so your deleting or no?!?!
ah so more than friend/sibling way?
missed you in class and at brunch today!
Jet fans ecstatic after the man responsible for drafting Vernon Gholston and Mark Sanchez is reportedly leaving the Jets for Oakland.
Alright...im out for the night. Tired gal...so ready to sleep. Hope everyone had a great day! Ps.48:14 ;)
BE LIKE "HE WANTED YOU TO HAVE THIS PICTURE. HE WANTED TO SHARE A LITTLE BIT OF HIMSELF AND HIS COLLECTION" OMFGGGGGGG
I like boys who, like girls who, eat carrots. RT if you like them boys too!:D
They don't get up for my 8 months pregnant wife, so why should it be any different?
Our research indicates strong support for Individualized Learning Plans from parents, teachers, and students.
I even took off my shoes for that!!! -David Eisler lol
Auditioning for a feature film today at pier39 from a call back, keeping the fingers crossed !
Is Lily your daughter? She's a cutie.
Cool, iMessage so all the Apple nuts can talk about Apple amongst themselves without bothering the rest of us. :)
I love my boyfriend, more than anything. No matter what the situation is. 
i made a new one!<3
good to see you getting air time on the young turks. Big ups to you always!
Let's Golf Ver 2 is pretty cool.
Damn.... Y did it have 2 rain on easter Sunday!!!!
Haha, can't believe that a Kardshian told my favorite Bin Laden death joke so far.
I'm at the Angels game and going to rush home to watch the Kings as well!
ihave a shell....and theres a reason as to why noone has cracked it
Some ladies look good in spandex.
I'm going to need it to get dark out so I can put this child to bed. I need to write a paper.
RT It's no surprise that improving quality of school environments can have a powerful effect on student achievement.
learning how to strategize madonna style
This happens at papers of record and with opinion columnists that one might not expect--apparently not able to create new work of their own.
Garcia and Scherzer
don't you just love payday!
“: I hate bad texters..don't get me talking and then shut down”
I'm definitely in my zone...
My love for you was bulletproof but you're the one who shot me.
Spiderman said: with great powers come great responsibilities. #bizforum folks - let's use that big data responsibly!
Agh, my eyes and my throat hurts . & im fucking sleepy.
Awesome job Cards!!!
it's training, not a war. Stooping to CNN & FOX level of sensationalism?
he warlord in the desert
you ain't even following me Whoo, I just checked... Trying to be Slick, Ah Hah
Right?! I was thinking that to! Have you ever been to Memorial City Mall? My mom works there! I go like all the time!(:
Why is it every time I post something it shows up several times? Sorry everyone.
follow this girl :)
Body Pump, Pilates, hunger, exhaustion.
LOL "My marshmallow power core was exposed to moisture 2 days ago & began to mold. Thus I must quit the race." - Newt Gingrich
“ Do you ever wonder what your life looks like through someone else's eyes?”
A life of leisure and a life of laziness are two things. There will be sleeping enough in the grave.
“: hi Todd, my first tweet. Xx” please follow Terri- she has the inside scoop on travel and wine!!!!
Text FOXGRILL to 38681 to receive discounts and promotions. (standard rates apply) 6 days ago
"Appointments are necessary if you wish to come to view the pianos." U of Illinois mass mail is a little weird this morning.
[Reminder: hurry! You might still be able to get the group rate TODAY!] RT : just booked my room for
3-1 Timbers. I'm going back to practicing my log slices.
I miss your face!!!!!
just finished my english nature powerpoint presentation...it includes me rapping in a Bear Grylls voice
hey, I just sent you an invite to make that collaborative adult programming board happen on pinterest
#milwaukee We are working hard to improve! Let us know if you have any ideas!
I'm so hungry .....so so so so hungry......& I want a f'n burger not another protein shake!!!!!!!!
That's All I Really Wanna Do 1) To earn money without working. 2) To love without being hurt. 3) To eat without getting fat.
Actually I just don't wanna see you
can't wait for monday night going to be AMAZING !!!
Both. Foundation of beer, then shots as nitro to push through checkered flag. Or checkered toilet bowl. Whatevs.
#IDidNotMakeTheRulesIJustFollowThem That's because the economy is always more important than nature
Great #xcskiing at Deer Grove today. Cold and sunny, reasonably fast. 16k in 1:50h. Got another blister, but it was worth it.
Impractical Jokers finale tonight! :)))
"I'm enough"
With a psychology degree.... sometimes I feel awful for having such an amazing family. I feel like I can't relate
Make my dream come true</3
OMG !! Did the real Lea Michele just tweet me !!?!???!!!
I love #cigs and I #wish i had one #fuck #school. Cereal Bowles
I love you Harry♥ you are beatiful♥
LET'S DO THIS: Sunday, 9pm, Twilight Exit - it is so been broughten'!
Congrats on and all your hard work!!
Cute Austin,How's it feel to be Famous famous
is the MOST excited about 3FL metal night. E
excited to see you, , From Indian Lakes, & tonight Coffee House in Madison!
HAHAHAHAHAH LOL I AM STILL LAUGHING ABOUT THAT BUT my sister says what does that mean GOSH idk
The waaaiiiting is the hardest part...
you know you had way to much to drink when you wake up in the morning still drunk. That's OK I will come back later, sincerely Yourhangover
Hahaha LA just fell apart!!
I like Zite. RT : Which do you prefer for browsing news on your iPhone: #Zite or #Flipboard?
N i.got homework to do
hi alicia, just wanted to stop by and say hi, and that your music has been inspiration to me. sending my appreciation.
and the ice cream cake is gone. Lunch is officially over. thank you and goodnight.
hey mom what are you gonna do when i have kids "play with them unless my hip goes out"
OEM Business Model is great business opportunity.
#JBSOMEDAY I will meet you and talk wiyh you. I love you so much.
well i made it so it could be seen on phones pero nose if its ganna work ull find out later haha
always bro!
Great article about creating a global focus for US entrepreneurs. It should start in NYC. I'm in, let's go!
what channel?!
After running around the city all day, I can truly appreciate the sanctity of my apartment!
I did that once with the same book!
Happy Halloween!
thanks so much, we had a great time!
I get WAY too excited about making graphics in PowerPoint
HELP! I have a great little book, "The Seasoned Personality". Having a hard time selling. Humbly asking for your HELP!
What kind of idiot signs up and starts trolling a timezone database maintenance mailing list? Wtf people.
for what it's worth - USAA is totally great. and they have amazing customer service.
wow great news for video Real Estate!
I'm just so proud of right now. Love you guys!!
Lakers vs. Heat in the finals..who taking the trophy home?
You guys need to follow the cast of They are cuter that a pixie fart, particularly Mssrs. and
There may be more defense being played at Oscars than NBA All-Star Game.
How are the art nerds feeling about novel, object of desire? I have feelings but I want someone else to go first.
I want him
Dentist aren't my thing.
Hey Donnie my bday is Sunday can you please tweet me im one of your biggest fans and it would mean the world to me.
#FoxSportsNetwork seems to favor Iowa rather than the east coast. #MajorFailure College football is not their strength.
Hoping all my beautiful chicas had an amazing mamas day u all deserve it!!!!!!
u can be kwan's cousin from Korea
Sofia is BEAUTIFUL!
Louis Spraggins is a hater. That's it #thatsall LMBAO!
don't worry only the funny part is shown
Driving down pch looking at this gorgeous beach view.
ha i love drunk panda.
He was actually drunk??? haha
That really Hurt , but hey I don't have feeling's huh?! why should I even bother.
school starts in 6 days.....i am really nerves couse i am at a new school and i dont know anyboday..... : (
I am such a girl.. I definitely have too many clothes & shoes
Congrts for having a baby girl. Just great!!!
If you do, Put it on twitter(:
- not something i would do to an 82 Margaux....perhaps a young Barolo...not sure i can wrap my brain around this method.
Most any handgun will achieve this purpose, guys. :)
“: great to meet up today! meeting folks like you inspires our work in government” Awesome talk! You're a gov rockstar!
compete in what?
My mom gets me my favorite expensive brownies and my entire family eats them all. Thanks assholes.
So true RT #Taurus only has to know you for five minutes and can still have a lifelong impact on you
Let’s just say that ‘X’ is a variable name (“Asynchronous Javascript And X”) and keep using our current fancy acronyms.
Brewers home runs are the best way to make new friends
Nor is seersucker, I've found.
Had an awesome conversation about bikini waxes with the women at school today,,, funniest shit EVERR
Blu-ray Review: Three Outlaw Samurai via
I really don't see it as that big a deal; women who chose not to have children are a minority; it will not stop man-kind....
2D previews do no justice for a good 3D movie. Hm. If only there was a solution.
The first sleep after day light savings is the hardest.
Hey now, purple ALWAYS works! RT there's also five Aussies at the university of Portland... Purple doesnt work
Dave vanhoose just split a full glass of ice water on me.
i am sleeping
Hi I am lyndsey, adult service librarian in vt Q2 I don't ever really use G+, mostly because none of my friends are on it
thanks! Going to have to plan another trip to Indy.
Can't believe Shane is dead!
Uh you piss me off!
DAMN, YOU DID IT AGAIN...WELL DONE BASED GOD'S FATHER!
what happened to sophie 103.7?
#Lakers for the win!
What would Buffy do?
Wishin' I was a senior and got out of school next week.
I just sent that to R, so awesome!
I am preparing to launch my campaign to #sharethelove. Follow me to learn more.
Thank you for sharing! Let us know if you have any questions for feedback for us! :) Happy Monday!
You have one of the best jobs in the world too!
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
He He. Adrenaline+ emotion+beverages+ first "real" meal of day. giggles until fall down!
great to see you too!
... then what hope do we have to find a better alternative fuel source?
If you need easy extra money, I highly suggest you read this article!
You know some of those "big things" we keep talking about? You should follow and wait to hear what they'll be ;)
I love U my dear! xoxo
you think it's big pun huh? lol
“: "Really doe!" ( voice)” i had the brew she had the chronic...the lakers beat the supersonics. it was a good day.
If you walk in on your parents in the act of making you a sibling I know that's
I'm a double agent. Corporate law office stooge by day, epic adventurer by night.
so much for a cards yanks series
I only have like one? :P
Wow, summer is here. Pella's Designer Series triple-pane = U-factor of .28 and SHGC of .24!!! Replacement by Pella emp. Call Jeff 362-0529!
The Avengers, oh yea bring it on
No one wanted to cook tonight apparently. The NPR Papa John's was slammed!
Same. That panel you were on was fun to watch. Almost felt like a nerd version of The View.
yess yess..today we play no games.. we work with anybody off top!
rush limbaugh states the government is messing up the economy to stick it to white people because of slavery
No, there is another.
I have mutations all around my mouth. But i Love my Dimples :D
David Bowie's fictional character Major Tom has appeared in 3 Bowie hits: Space Oddity ('69), Ashes To Ashes ('80) and Hallo Spaceboy ('96).
My boyfriend is so good.
you hear "swag" "belieb" "supras" "purple" or "canada and automatically "justin" pops in your head :)
#gratitude steady work, promise of good weather, My Mark, scrounged spare parts, good people, brown rice, my bike, breathing room.
I pictured like a Pokemon game when I read that... Fox fled from the battle!
put something like Vicks, aftershave, ANYTHING under your nose. Or bury it in some fine young lady's shoulder
Sometimes you've gotta listen to a little Miles on a Sunday and all gets right with the world. :-)
Did planet fitness really just take my Id picture?
I wanna go skydiving
Great information on hospital re-admissions; do you think ACOs will spur adoption of these solutions and more innovation?
Nap time 💤
And just like that, tickets are gone. Thanks to all for making this year's event another sell out! See you tomorrow!
Anybody else loosing their lotto virginity today? I'm going to buy my very first ticket today.
u welcome :))
You don't have to know players to like a team. Lol
Got my people wit me at FREMOS
such wise words
Um, my baby is not a pirate or poisonous.
SUPER CRISPY
Whoa, three licensing requests on the same day. Busy day here at OEP!
Wishing everyone a great holiday & Happy New Year! Cruisers - see y'all in 15 days!!!!!!!
Drinking a schooner (or two) in your honor. #wasteface “: nothing is the same without me baby!”
I'm totally confused why you would put an exclamation point after that.
OBAMA WON THE NOBEL PEACE PRIZE FOR MANAGING TWO **WARS** HOW IS THIS AN ACT OF PEACE?!?!! Has this whole world just gone into crazy land?
"The US doesn't compete against Germany. Detroit competes against Munich." Leinberger on why we need to support our cities.
SilkCharm thanks for following me on Twitter!
The delay of game rule needs to be expunged.
No, I don't add people who retweet me to an awesome list. Okay, maybe I do. And maybe people in this industry like to hire their friends.
Watching movies is a spiritual undertaking. It's an exercise in witnessing life. Be the detached watcher of your own movie.
seriously RT : More Fire Chief Tucker, less politicians at the news conference today, ok?
Field trip for Foundation tomorrow. Should be pretty amazing.
Not me. Friend is sitting next to some guys signing the paperwork now at the bar.
I love that #prison was used 3 times in this tweet. As I typed the email to , I was like, 'this dream was crazy weird.'
haha. Thanks. Glad I Gould bring a smile!
Peein' like a pregnant woman since 1991.
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won't change. Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Just made the Twitter account! Let's get started...
just got back to L.A. from the east coast, gettin ready for an end of month project
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
Visualization Strategy that can be used in public speaking - “Fourth, Remember happy moments from your past.”
Why so early?
#longreads My new favorite hashtag. Long live long form.
Missing you, & that Cabo sun madly- the countdown to the 2012 TBO trip is ON.
I definitely will!
fried hot dogs and my favorite dudes.
Good luck with the inbox cleaning! I created about twenty folders to organize everything. Including one for 415.
God gets all the glory when we humble ourselves and say ‘God I am looking only to you, and no one else for help.’
Everyone needs to seek out and watch the movie, Paparazzi! It's an incredible documentary directed by Entourage's !
Well scratch that! I forgot that One Direction is British. LOL. They have the best music, with some silly exceptions to bad music.
Smh at girls who try to date guys that have girlfriends. #yourewastingyourtime 😝
Good to run into you. Sorry about the interruption. Catch up soon.
Follow for info on the 3/50 project and support locally owned-and-operated businesses! Real TrashDolls buy local, think global!
Expenses: Internet 12, breakfast 9, dinner 12, waters 8. Oh, no drinks the whole trip but the deign session included 5 heinekens!
yay i love how they keep coming back! nice work, lady!
1001 members on AAUW Facebook group - what a milestone!!!
I WANT SOME CORN BREAD
I thought I was sick of hot weather, until I woke up shivering
IL Lt. Gov Sheila Simon: we all need to understand the importance of the arts in education.
Any publishers (POD, self publishers) have experience with lightningsource.com? I'd love to hear your review (pos or neg).
@ California pizza kitchen....Atlantic station, I gotta craving for some pasta
What about the Strokes???
Note to self: the last place a writer should share good writing news is on a forum for writers, especially one for which he pays dues.
wow, talk about all-time biggest suck up
or friend, that happens and you can't stop it from happening you can only enjoy your time being an that's all that matters. I was just....
I had to check a call # in vol 3 of #DDC23 & randomly opened to 615.788
i need to fuckin party
My main present were boots and then I got some cash and some stocking stuffers and jewelry..wht did u get?!
love the trailer. will i see you at tonight?
There, still mad?
ewwwww... Dino you are not making any of the sense
Mobile plan trolleys make moving large numbers of plans around your working environment easy.
Dang bruh , i wanna go out to eat !
Ah, but see, this way you can do your own and correct all of my obvious oversights. Everybody wins! :)
Patience, Marcelino. Patience.
Some parents are so irresponsible-_- if your not going to take care of them dont have them
Anyone want to hear a new beat?
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
All Kerr's appreciate a good Laker :p “: At least Kerr and Marv appreciate MWP.”
Anyone else feel that earthquake? Scary stuff
Tomorrow is March for Babies Day! We are looking forward to seeing you at Tropical Park. Registration starts at 7:30 a.m.!
“: You know what happens when you're pretty, funny AND nice? People fall in love with you. Fuck That - lets see where that gets ya!
"Amy Farrah Fowler doesn't believe in costumes. She's the free spirit that I am."- Sheldon
Gipsy Kings with a less than lovely, but passable fella (who, hopefully is not on twitter). What are you up to?
I wouldn't trade it for nothing.
I can't wait to see this Heat/Pacers series!!
@ don't forget to DM us your address today for your FREE tshirt
Pancake Halloween Decorating party! Come to the next DCC meeting to find out more! DCC Meetings are Wednesdays at 8:30PM in the CD Lounge.
Altoona First Savings Bank Counts on SolarWinds Log and Event Manager for Security and Compliance
TSA at LAX thought I looked like Dave Matthews. That's a 1st. Gotta stop traveling with a violinist I guess.
Crafting. Baseball. Sunshine. My perfect evening.
good!! How are u?
I'm. So. Jealous. Right. Now.
Looking forward to some roller derby and rock n' roll this evening :-)))
Someone told me today that I would have been perfect for the role of Lord Grantham
Nick Julian and chris still need bff's for my story!! ~Ashley
EVERYONE FOLLOW (:
Swell Noel
Milwaukee's top team takes 113 points, Madison manages 65.
Ugh, that guy's been ruining my life since he came to Florida. Same pronunciation but mine's fancier
Unknown~ Be happy Be supportive Be Naughty Be just like the way you are But dont get bored.
the protest movement wanted change... but you chased out the skeptics and turned it into a democratic party canvass.
¡De nada! Thanks for sharing interestingness around!
yuh! I was gonna hit the gym up but I'm waiting for these rants lmao
Stuck at this number
Never underestimate solidarity.
I just pooped my brains out-- now its hollow in there? echo echo echo...
Thanks for letting us know!
Need a #change in your life? Join me in FLP, use our amazing aloe products!
Even though Nikki's the killer, I'm relieved it was self-defense. She'll get Victor back, some day...
Blast from the past celeb ad - Adrien Brody/Diet Coke
Already feeling yelled at. Like reverse deja vu.
Thanks for the follow! Did you find me through ?
Is this what the world has come to?
You would think after four years of this "Obama is our Savior!" bovine excrement I would know how to spell 'messianic' without looking it up
Thanks! It's beautiful here! :-)
Nope, we were looking specifically at "Issues" pages of candidates' websites so it was only in relation to veterans issues.
You are hilarious!
Dr - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too. May retirement be great & your wine great too!
so excited about the future of !!!!!! HUGE NEWS COMING SOON!
Thank you Anna!! Hugs!!
text you when i get service
Im planning my trip to LA so i can see Deray. dude so damn funny I usually follow him to just about every city he performs in. I cant wait
We'll keep you updated but a reminder - Cummings is on w @ 9AM & @ 10AM re GSA & Secret Service scandals
Honesty is the 1st chapter of the book of wisdom ~ Thomas Jefferson
- Favorite moment: the last line of the Constitution. Sent chills down my spine! Tremendously inspirational.
Ugh hangover
I later found it was an adaptation of "Lord of the Flies" by William Golding (which was required reading at some point).
Pretty sure that was Ron Wolf's worst #1 pick w/ the Packers.
like grindin' freak dancing ghetto?
Hey luv, follow back? 
have you heard carrie underwood's new song? it's called good girl. it's great! ik you like country, so i thought i'd share ;)
Please follow me(; 4
Chad G. has silenced his critics, basking in the warmth of his 200 twitter followers.
Thanks for the RT!
check ebay. Saw one for $350!
Fuc FB I can't send Friend Request fo 14 days. U aint my Mama bitch. U got 2 send me adds now peeps.
What an amazing day!
Good day everyone, we hope your day is going well, I have some news.We are performing Oct.1st in DC AT THE B Spot its an art gallery. Come
Immature bastards.
Playing hardball like they did with Rollins won't work.
the show is at Beat Kitchen
sounds like a plan!!!
I'm glad it turned out alright. I think I may have been sleep walking a little.
Just woke up to a serious battle! Wow
uk we can wear boots
so i took a nap around 5 and didnt wake up till 10
I was just wondering how you comb your hair so the horns don’t show?
Dear twitter followers in & around Monroe, GA. Please join Nice Guys DJ this Sat night at Amici. DJ/Lights/BigCityFeel all in your back yard
Fathers be good to your daughters, they'll love the way you do.
This nicca wit his 40 year ol lines.. Lmao
omgg, we missed you too! Camille's not teaching it.. I think Brittany is.
I never prescribed to the argument, but is it absurd to question the content of one's character based on their actions?
She said black men made her horny...I just left
CHECK YOUR DMS.
Since Shelby lives down the street from me, I should TP her house before I leave..
he's single
Tried to tough it out at work, but I'm pretty sure I have the flu. Home now. Hoping I can sleep and feel better.
Juke Box Hero..
Great meeting yesterday with (www.redapes.org). Looking forward to joining forces and spreading the word about Philibert's Nénette!
RT : what are you doing between Wang and Altuzarra?
His niche is in drug enforcement in the #Baltimore City PD. Major Russell of the Eastern District...
Later twitter
Mom's Night Out tonight with my FA group. So needed- to vent, to share, to know we're not alone. It was great.
#np I'm a Wonder-
So far my NCAA bracket has been near perfect. The only pick I've gotten wrong was the Davidson loss. Go Cats!
I have that on my coffee table! Or shall I call it my vodka table?
working with devo twitting
Form habits wearing safety glasses or goggles to protect against eye injuries that can occur during sports, certain work or other activities
Shared accountability. Harder than what it seems, but crucial for professional relationships to work.
Just finished listening to the compound effect and loved it! Will def make many changes to my life, has influenced me greatly!
at apple. they need to figure out what's wrong with this MacBook.
Thank you so much, it means a lot to us!
Chad Wick has really demonstrated great servant leadership we should all be thankful for.
Calling it. Worst slam dunk contest of all time. Howard? Blake? Man up for the fans!
can you hang
Psyched for our return to dance on nov 5! Discount tix on sale now thru janefranklin...
Done! RT : Hi Erika. Our apologies. Please email with your Trip ID. Thank you.
Much love to the homies and for kicking off Punk'd tonight! Congrats on some funny ish!
Dear guys, being a dick isn't going to make yours bigger.
Its game time! Go Falcons!
I'm going to do a compilation project and showcase the talent that I'm fortunate to come across from other artists.
Should you see "Candide," which opens Friday? Beautiful singing and enough pathos to make you feel better about your own woes.
Denver Post Rockies beat writer Troy Renck joins The Score at 8:05 AM. Check it out at AM1510. Have a ? for Troy? call us at 303-297-1510
lol just waking up
Had a great time at the NCPC Conference.
We will be live on Good Day - Fox 4 on Feb 23 starting at 8:40am! Be sure to mark your calendar!
Just nailed WIS -20.5... Are you ready for another easy winner?
that sounds good
I fap to
Poor thing. If some guy can send you a tome analyzing online dating process, why can't you send him a detailed application?
no such luck my friend.
go find one
It has housed the senate and the House of Representatives for almost two centuries.
LAST DAY TO SIGN UP FOR IGOOPON'S PROMOTION. DONT MISS THIS CHANCE BEFORE THE SERVICE OPENS AUG 1 TO RECEIVE YOUR $5!!!!
Ugghhh! Unleashed/Magento integration is hassling me tonight!
The hardest thing about #telemark skiing pregnant is trying to buckle my own boots & bindings. Oh, and walking after 2 days of pwdr turns :)
was simply awesome!! So glad Bubba won just a great guy!
I got a certain lust for life
Pedro Martinez makes his Phillies debut tonight against the Cubbies ... does he still have it?
My life has just been degraded ninety percent. :D
Pick up Shorty's family platter for dinner tonight! Ribs, chicken, sliced&pulled pork, baked beans, cole slaw&fries.
Thanks for the reminder to be thankful for what I have. I was getting started to my day thinking about what I have not (done).
I've been to Northern California and liked that a lot. I really want to check out Portland and Seattle.
Oh, no! Sorry to hear that, but yay for wine!
thanks for the mention! Happy Friday :-)
jammin to some #blues and lovin it
#madmen premiere.
cool. pilar ust turned 14 in january, and i am turning 14 in august. you?
Sorry to hear. My mom died 3 yrs ago. It's sad not to have a mom sometimes, dead or alive. ;-)
ohh okay wish i was der jus to see u play lol
Laying out :)
About to sleep
Every spring I say I wanna start riding again but I never do. Gotta get on that shit over the summer!
We hope so too. Safe travels. MT : I'm hoping I can still make it to #nasi2012 day 2 - had some flight challenges
Nice to Skype-meet you yesterday on 's Alaska Edition! Stay safe in DC
cause you never invite me over
Tired af but I have so much to do.
Just reading tweets makes me wonder what kind of swag he plans on bringing when he performs...
touchdown ducks.
God night all
even Sugar Moms is hit and miss. some nights its a popped collar broski bar...most nights I do Fishtown or Passyunk anymore
haha patience my dear ☺
In in need of A DJ To travel with me . Hit me up if you know somebody (:
Lmao!!!! This episode of divorce court is hilarious!
Phelps in the rotation sometime this year , he is THAT good !!! GO YANKS !!!!
RT : "Light bulbs die my sweet, I will depart."
Any word on what happened with Andino at end?
sure would!
#SuperBowl Halftime was a little like a way-back machine. Guess Madonna is better heard than seen. Love the music - not the performance.
Come on down to Broomfield Days tomorrow! Mischiefmaker and my friends at In Case of Attack will be there!!
Down 8lbs in 9 days on 4HB. Using PAGG, now going to try ice bathing. Only these kind of results could make me try these things!
Is that some sort of backhanded compliment about how good looking our women are?
Happy MLK day... Dr. Ben Carson is giving the keynote today at our school!!! I'm so excited.. he's a huge idol of mine
Thank you for spreading the word about moving your money out of the "Too big to fail" Banks!
Friday. Thank you for finally arriving. Long long week. Have a great day..
NADI Cinema is screening Under the Bombs (Lebanon 2007) dir. Philippe Arctingi TONIGHT (4/25) at 7pm in the Union Theater.
Beautiful spring day. Sunny skies, low humidities, and highs close to 70. Chilly tonight though.
u was creamated before birth wit cho black ass lmao
Gas = wasted
I have missed u so much, I love u :)
Follow my other page
You texted me late, now I know I'm on your mind when you go to sleep ^_^
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)29
RT if you are ready for #summer!
LOL U CAN HAV 100% OF THE PROCEEDS FROM THE FREE DOWNLOADS LMAO
Her pony tail hurting...lbvs
you should add to your twitter list, too.
At work reviewing future publication for the web.
...my IPHONE is Donna.
just took my 2nd shower of the day…who i am ??
Determined to feel good for Derby!
Mark, it was so fun to meet you at DBC and discover your fab website. Hope we meet again soon!
If you want some tips on starting a group, I'm happy to share. Drop me a DM with our email address.
did u get it can u do it now
favorite pie flavor?!(: lmao
Extra Strength Gold Bond: the best decision you'll make all day.
good you??
Line-cutters are the worst
I liked it! Amazing sets. You will love all the references to the TV show. And watch the crowd coming to the party...
y'all better #swang tonight!
The only reason that I enjoy going to Wal Mart is that I can go to the electronics and take the Nickelback CDs and secretly hide them all.
Thank you! I am really looking forward to it!
nice to meet you too :)
But I have a color class today,,, yay!.
hugs. As someone who also almost went that route...I understand.
Gotta run your credit just to bring my name up
That is great! Which products do you use? For a dog or cat?
“ that's wassup! Tryna be like me”
I feel like I have, um, TOO many thoughts to encapsulate them in a paper?
Time spent well today on this half a day.
I like the progress were making #dream team
getting the fishy's sloppy seconds
so what is your verdict? Mobile Web or Mobile Apps? [sorry, I'm biased by being part of the DOL Team :D]
When writing about product/service benefits, focus on positive wording instead of negative.
Working on a job app, writing about my old library, and kind of missing my gang of rowdy middle school patrons
Cigars don't smell so bad
Q: would you date with latino guys? Yes I would yes yes yes.
eBooks and equity - maybe easy for affluent, but an issue for those in less-affluent areas; library has to bridge digital divide
doin' ok, man! Much more career centered activity lately. Cool to see all the EC-ers on stage at Gramercy!
Handed the heffie wort over to the yeast beasties...let 'er rip!
That heat pad really helped out my back last night. Now the only pain I feel is the searing burn it left.
you should put the pictures you took, up son :)
I have a fetish for shoes :3
I love the 4 x 100 it was my favorite I was either anchor or first leg
you all mean something to me the women on twitter are the sweetest women there are in the world thank you
1000 + ppl sent to the emergency room because of being distracted while texting and walking
thats great keep up the good work champ! :)
Congrats to all my friends graduating from and this week. Hard to believe it has already been a year since I graduated.
Reality Check of the morning: "IF YOU WANT CHANGE.... YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH CHANGES!!!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU! The finale was what we've been waiting for! Chuck and Blair. <3 I love how she went all in.
Wtf am I doing on level 5 of 100 floors?
plz follow me can u be my 300 follower plz and thank u: D
Shocker! A calipari coached team cannot shoot free throws, or execute anything resembling a plan on offense. Hope to outathlete opponents.
the things i wish i could say to these stupid ass customers
#IADMIT I'm a bitch, not all the time but I sure can be one
LA Business Journal won the Gold Medal for Best in Show Large Tabloid at AABP Awards over the weekend. Two years in a row!
oh you fancy huh?
I only share my password with secure platforms that offer personalized deals without the hassle of coupons. And my mom.
#RipTrayvon #hoodies & #Skittles all day today.. i hope #justice is served!
HAHAHA. I went to bed at midnight but I definitely had a proper jam sesh to GA songs before... :D
"Can I copy your homework?" "Yeah, but the answers are probably all wro-" "I don't care, Thanks!"
A Whole Foods type place :) So it can't be all that bad.
Smile, you're in excellent hands with Kravitz Dental! Looking for a new dentist? We have two convenient locations in Pembroke Pines & Miami!
Tho I hardly have time, ever, to watch much tv, when I do, I can't get enough of #UnderCoverBoss #jerseylicious + Investigation Discovery :)
Happy New Years Eve!
Midterm stress has arrived at the library. There is an air of exhaustion and frustration. That means spring break is almost here, right?
Sounds like a tough question! At a conference but I'll be sure to try and get on.
May is Healthy Vision Month.
lovely day in NOLA! Taking back the night w/parade in Algiers PT tonight 6-7PM ferry landing to international school.
cool RT : great. I'll pass ur # to her!
Join hundreds of smart, successful, influential women from around South Florida and around the country at the Women’s Success Summit!...
Why does everything in the mini bar have a maxi price?
Today’s African Proverb (5.12.12) You do not become a chief simply by sitting on a big stool. (Ghana) Like Unlike
Seven new members were elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame on Saturday. www.coachescorner.com
true haha. Hopefully people like my suggestion more.
The gospel means much more than the personal salvation of individuals.It means a social revolution.
...amazing ski weekend , back to work. Sigh.
we'll let it slide this time. Not eating warm, vanilla-spiked waffles encased in caramelized pearl sugar is punishment enough!
All the world's dads are on a boat. One goes "HOT ENOUGH FOR YA?" Resulting bellylaughter causes a tidal wave that fully submerges Sri Lanka
lots and lots of apples
I deserve a donut after the day/night i've had..
What an amazing concert tonight! Can't wait to do it again in Carnegie Hall on Monday
I say BITCH IM TRYIN TO GET THIS MONEY IF YOUY FUCKIN WIT ME YOU GOT TO FUCK WIT ME THE LONG WAY❕❕❕❕❕❕
Avatar =much better than I thought it would be.
The Moth is coming to the Pabst Theater, tickets go on sale on Friday @ noon!
me too :) i love shake it up! <3
Enjoy the show!! RT : Can't wait to see End of the Rainbow with and
I was thinking about how to find iTunes 10 before it's on Software Update. Flashed on using Apple's FTP site. Then remembered it's not 1996.
Thats the only way the Heat will the championship this year
To the person who continues to libel me in an Italian newspaper, I say: morte!
#sacscoc create necessity for preparing & attending class
Become high off life. Move and do something. Go crazy and krunk. Get your weight up. #Get KRANKD!
PR'd the SHIT out of that 5k!!!
Agreed! “: , is there ever enough ? #no”
enjoying a Francesco pizza from so delicious!
the Hoosier dome!
RT : 12 minutes into the game and the Gophers and Middle Tennessee State have combined for 17 turnovers. Ack.
Lazy day with my mommy? Yes please. :)
It's Hot as Balls out today.
Baseball is back! Not all stadiums have tailgate lots anymore. How do you tailgate before your team plays?
Attending executive group meeting for WHO #ICD11 ... but this time, not in Geneva but Las Vegas. Go figure ;)
I mean was I not supposed to? And plus I believe you listen to Future.
I'm so upset lololol
welcome to the city! :)
. is on sale today through Thursday to celebrate Better Speech & Hearing month! Save $6 by downloading the app for only $13.99
Share my world, don't you leave. Promise i'll be here whenever you need me here
So much for cooking while the husband is away. Dinner = pretzels, fig spread, cheese, and wine.
Alfredo de la Fe returns to LQ New York this Wednesday (11/16).
As advocates of SmartGrowth and PlanMaryland, we are proud of and the septic reform bill.
If only Amtrak had wifi… I could avoid writing for a while longer.
are you really? maybe I'll find you!ohmygosh yea I'll be lurking around for them. hope you get to meet them, you deserve it!
Super busy guys. We're working on the film when I'm not working on schoolwork. And I'm working on schoolwork when I'm not working.
Giving up bagels for lent is te hardest thing I've ever had to do
All to justify the social order.
haha fine, but dont tell anyone cuz if everyone asks i wont have enough songs ha
did they show you MP footage of COD:BO?
Ultrasound photos on Facebook are creepy. I'm just sayin'...
That wasn't a dis, it was meant to reify your "noting new in digital"stance. RT : yes, same as it ever was...
I think i've had enough drunk texts/phone calls & green giraffes for one day
Lily Storm and Dan Cantrell will be playing on the dinner/concert series on Saturday, December 17!!
If Macho weren't so cute he'd be sleeping outside right now.
#Snow = don't want.
pop off
Don't arrive to the show at 8AM if that's when it starts. Always arrive early to set up and be prepared for the day.
Applebee's kicks ass.
RT : The NM Branch of SAG is hosting a SAG Awards Viewing Party on Sunday, January 29th at the Uptown Sports Bar! All......
smoking people in words with friends.
RT Thanks for the RT!. No problem!
Salem State playing?
I've been imitated so well I've heard people copy my mistakes. - Jimi Hendrix
it's beautiful in a cheesy sort of way (ba dump dump...thanks I'll be here all night)
Waco has a lot of great things to offer in the way of unique artists! Be sure to support your local artists!
The swag you think you got i gave it to you
Maybe tomorrow...i'm giving up tonight. RT : wanna chat? You have my number don't you? I'd be happy to help....
oh no! Run!
Played like a piano with no apologies.
Obama tonight will reveal that he personally killed bin Laden - by pushing a bullet slowly into OBL's head using only his manly Obama thumb
found you by way of Phil Brock I find your comments very entertaining, though u need to drop your flaky actors.
my library is doing a zombie prom on April 27th. Want to skype in for 5 minutes to be our guest of honor?
V. Clever teenager you have!
Just woke up from an awesome dream about Justin Bieber it was amazing :)
You don't need a turkey to have a great Thanksgiving, you just need thankfulness..
Thanks for the awesome #FF & sending some #FF <3 your way!
I'm loving my commute: a five-minute scooter ride through downtown
sweet thank you :) no I don't know that line. What's your website and your friends? I'll look at them
I have an upper limit, too. If I see that someone tweets 30+ times a day, I usually won't follow, no matter how interesting.
i already have :)
I dare you to cut sugar from your diet this week
#Aging is a Treatable Disease and #Immortal Again Secrets of the Ancients. Finding The Truth
I stand by my decision to bench C.J. Wilson on my fantasy team today. Decision pending on his next start.
Thanks for the fun event. Great to watch do a live interview. Looking forward to next one.
haha thats not hard to spell those right
Isaw the hair stand up on your neck, when Geraldo wanted Cain to call him, he needs to find Al capone's real vault
DailyHookahTip#100: Don't ignite easy-start coals indoors without a window open. When the outer layer burns, the fumes can be toxic.
Hey, you won't know till you try it
Welcome to the club RT : Imma State Champion!!
Saw William Shatner last night in person on the Intrepid aircraft carrier for the premiere of his doc "The Captains". Big fun!
Dark Monday for NYT readers: most emailed stories are 1) Can You Call A 9-Year-Old A Psychopath? and 2) Capitalists And Other Psychopaths.
NO. Don't Vote Off Juliet. She's My Favorite. :'(
they are...
I think I'm about to give in and create instagram... I kno what I said before.. don't judge me lol
Kevin Garnett is such a piece of shit though. I wish Metta WorldPeace coulda elbowed him in the head.
On my way to Panama City....the beach....here we come!
Yep, you can always spot a Democrat out of the crowd when they start talking about taxes that should be increased or added.
having a great time at the concert!! Brava, Frank!!
omg so are you going to do keeks :D
I don't believe you
I'm about 40min out. Is it that bad?
Thanks for following! :)
Would you look at a fans picture and call her hot?
What do you think are some of the greatest obstacles of our generation? and what do you think can we do to make change
sure is.
B4 fans spoke up, Knicks vs Heat game looked more like a funeral than an NBA Playoff game. Now, they're ballin with "ganas" (desire)
Watching the Saints game with the hubby and eating delicious Pizza Hut pizza. Oh Pizza Hut, you'll always be my favorite pizza chain <3!
I love the buffalo chicken pizza! And the bartender made a great black and tan.
I wrote a play for you & Sarina years ago for VAP. You were a red dress, she was a sweater. Let me know if you want it.
U didnt follow me there !!!!
Credit cards: The only time a woman is satisfied with 3.5 inches.
What's yer last meal? If you're standing at the White Castle kiosk, there's no eulogy that will overcome that ignominious end.
thanks for introducing us. Would love to connect further!
Opening up this Friday and Saturday!!!!! We are bringing you the new standard of Raleigh Nightlife. Email us at .
duh man the devil wears prada
HEY! I LIKE YOUR COW! WATCHING NACHO LIBRE
there should only be one rule: be a good teacher.
Bahaha. And damn. I'll cry of I miss them cause I'll be away all summer :-/
of course, NOW I can't stop listening to SBTRKT.
yeah Ima go but thats in two weeks
I'm so confused. Why won't you be going to the house parties? We will miss you </3 but how's it going?
If I had a british accent I don't think I'd ever stfu.
WHY DIDN'T ANYONE TELL ME DIET DR. PEPPER TASTES MORE LIKE REGULAR DR. PEPPER?
This book posits that our maps no longer resemble the topography in our changing world. It has said this once a paragraph for 150 pages.
dvm360 iPad publication: Issue 10 now available Learn about three fires that devastated veterinary practices; help clients comply with fo
I miss your, morning kiss
I hope he can go !! *crosses fingers* pleasepleaseplease say yes D:
you did it, so I did it too.
Happy 2012! Make 2012 a great year! Go after your dreams, make the world a better place to live....
RT : *Q2. We LOVE our local small businesses! Which local boutiques are your favorite? cc
yeah okay BTdubs we gotta hang on gchat soons
That's cool. I know someone who just got hit with trademark infringement from Norwood Promotional Products who own the mark.
can you like, marry me already?
Congratulations! Hope you had a great time. RT : Getting inducted into tonight at
not sure if u tlk'd this already but how do u feel abt congress taking out the part abt slavery in 2days constitution reading
would you lik to work together
...Yes? Question mark?
Think positive... dealer about to draw on 750-AM now... $5,000 at stake for area kids
This is from the news anchor! Traffic cams showing I-15 and the 515 bumper to bumper traffic for miles...afford that area.
IT'S RAINING HARD AGAIN BUT THIS TIME LOUDER
You ROLL Lauren -congrats! :-)
I'm not wearing any pants to #audreyparty. (skirt instead. I know. lame.)
Just wait until MLB ALL STAR GAME😃👌
I kno your body so well
#dope… didn't know you took that!
Nice! Hope the move goes very smoothly. Looking forward to visiting.
Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone, you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. --
I find humor in all relationships
so tired!
watching all your videos all again i have them like all memorized<3
Got a story for you...check your inbox.
Maroon's 5 new song >>>>>
yepp i know.. Soo what's new? Ha I'm bored
I don't mind touching them or dealing with them in my garden. I don't even cringe putting them on a fish hook, but no eating. :P
It's hard to deny that Galaxy Gold in full sunshine looks like what happens when you vomit Tang.
Mushroomhead coming to the altar bar the 17th of May, should I? Maybe
Um, why do I have "Good Vibrations" stuck in my head?!
Caps missed opportunities becoming the theme of this game..Semin on the doorstep c'mon man cash that in!
I am, but I'm covering an event and I'm driving. So I'm sober and angry haha
Record it!
Anyone know how to use photoshop and wanna come over and help me? I will pay you in hugs. Maybe.
More rain and (hopefully) ideas headed your way :)
glad to help! Be sure to stay in touch!
Actually I'm considering staying off Twitter, I'm finding out everything before it's broadcast. Not as fun.
#EDU11 we need an "I promise to let people fail" sticker.
I've got the Mic, If you've got the the Mosh Pit
NABD Dealer Academy was a success. Join us at booth 719 tomorrow for the main event!
I hope Vandy is ready because MTSU will be fired up and ready to play. 1:00 p.m. start
that's rite lol bro!
Dear God, could you please get rid of my cold?
great reference.
Register now at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
And where can you go wrong when you have God with you?? :)
what happened?!!!
Yes or No i just need to know! #goingcrazy #somuchanxiety someone turn my brain off!
OMG! Double Decker Plane!!!
aint nothing to do in this house-.-
So in keeping with this rant, let's run through some of my faves on DA...
They hate what they don't understand.
if there is a man in the woods but no woman around, is he still wrong?
thanks for the share - looking forward to catching up soon!
ok se you later
you got it, you got it bad
Happy Birthday I Love you!!
Can u follow me?
Lol! I'm always enjoying myself! :P
reading in bed with a tumbler of whiskey, skipping a few decades and turning 45 on my next birthday.
Imagine having ANY contact in the Ent.Industry Register for a FREE secret seminar (SEATING IS LIMITED) Email :
any good?
happy bday boss keep bossing these cats
when I was a kid, neighbor's cat used to sneak into our house and hide in closets. It was very weird.
At the Vista Theatre for the #DarkShadows premiere party.
Your Smash work is just awesome. BDJ & I go way back to NU. kudos & many >hat tips< Peace!
Let me hear something
Damn this head ache though <<<<
Who's your team this year?
: FRIDAY is finally HERE we r having $2 everything from 10 to midnight and the patio is open. Who's coming.
“: YOU HATE ON BRITNEY YOU WILL GET SHIT” leave Neil ALONE!! WAAAAH!!!!
No joke... Netflix is giving me a four and a half star recommendation for the My Little Pony television series. I feel creepy.
"May we long share our odd, inanimate feast,/ And meet at last on the Cloudy River of the sky." ~ Li Bai via Arthur Waley
This wind is not good for my hair today 💨👎💦
its very nice of him to take you out so much. Not all pups are that nice to funny smelling monkeys.
Just got an email from Amtrak saying that I *may* have been exposed to measles. Gotta love train travel.
Dream Big and love somebody. Mich.
RIP Andy Rooney
Who's in Miami for spring break?
Hes such a stalker .
Two days til I'm the big 2-1. Oh, what to do, what to do?!
U.S. Gov't. owes me nothing but, they also need to stop putting up stop signs as I don't owe them the courtesy of stopping....
Why did my mom thought the movie "like mike" was called "we like mike" lol
So, how bad is UCONN gonna be next year? Especially considering they had 2 lottery picks & 1st rounder last year.
Thank you! Appreciate it! :) RT : hey thanks for the follow - love what you do!!
Having fun finishing up a song called Fugitives. 3 more song coming down the pipe.
Seating for t'row night's 8pm showing of GWB at is first-come-first-serve. Come early for dinner or drinks before the movie!
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
that's ok...sleep when u dead!!
GoodMorning (: , sorry I feel asleep Last night.
Our little Twitters are growing up!
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom
In honor of Earth Day, children throughout the world are running into their homes wearing muddy shoes.
stashman..get some sleep man..once the little ax moves in...that's it for the sleep
So soon as I'm done with these exams tomorrow ...I'm gone need a good drank!
good luck getting it back in it's original cube form
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~ David Brinkley
Where did the warm weather go?
And it's raining?!
All-time fave.
Ha! “: To prepare for her role as Sarah Palin, Julianne Moore had to spend weeks ignoring facts and watching Fox News. #GameChange”
Pre-Derby Party tomorrow
Happy Mother's day to all the mothers and mothers to be and those who may not be moms by brood but by actions! :)
On p337, judge lists problems w 2009 GA State policy: Needs to advise on length limits, assume that license offer weighs in pubs favor
Pitched the graphic Novel to who?! And congrats! Can't wait to read it! (btw: this is JD, on my new writer-y official twitter).
Meagan Good looked really good in #ThinkLikeAMAn she should dress like that all the time
Jeff Gordon is having no luck at all.
I have a headache that can only be cured by eating my mom's food.
Thanks for celebrating at the Milano Inn last night. Happy birthday!
"One of the fastest-growing smartphone penetration rates are those aged 55-64" WOW
Apparently some people thinking getting poo'd on by a bird is good luck. Pretty sure it's the opposite of good luck.
Thanks for the Follow, Sarah!
Ok, Ok..along with all the zany holidays I already mentioned for today it's Winnie-the-Pooh Day, Shark Awareness Day & Personal Chef's Day
Thank u love X
Cleveland Indians are from my hometown!! Go Tribe!!
Another beautiful Sunday in #SouthFlorida - I got 99 problems but the weather ain't one.
Great question: What can museums in Google Art learn from libraries in Google Books?
How about a big hand for everyone! Thanks for keeping us informed from the inside, it meant a lot to those tuning in!
Singing a late mass today, then straight downtown for the last concert of the weekend. Then straight to load-in for Drowsy!
At the #EAMaddenNFL13 QB Generation NEXT event. All these pics of QB's making me twitch!
Thank you! Hope you enjoyed it.
He's re-emerged in mass media?
I know. Tell me about it :)
I think I know what I'm doing on 9/23 RT : #RVA's first half-iron distance tri! Registration now open.
Ahh an R2 that doesn't get stuck x) woo
thanks a lot man. Wish you were here ;)
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral
NOW IT'S SO MUCH EASIER TO TALK TO YOU YAAAAAAAAAY
it will be my home for the next week...
Panel inspired by the "Is this App racist?" #siallopen thread.
Haven't talked to him in days
I approve. The original pairing with ASM was too great not to RT, though. My general sentiment much of the time.
Taking a 10 week course in XHTML and it is surprisingly fun.
They really have the heat on, r they trying to get me to fall asleep
I guess you won the Super Bowl!
foster the people doing "wouldn't it be nice"? i love this song, but not performed by these clowns
Thank you all for your support we gained another 100 followers last night!!!! DFW natives look for on the road!!!
just be like bon qui qui could teach this shit better cause u can have it Ur way!!!!
(AP) --Police forced to disperse hundreds of students who gathered at the UMass-Amherst after the Patriots lose Super Bowl.
A smile is a facelift that's in everyone's price range. - Tom Wilson
Big Show At Kimbro's Cafe in Franklin TN Saturday Night "Melody Guy's Welcome Home Party Show" Starts at 7:30 pm
#SFIMAtweetup Panel - Amy Mandelbaum, Interactive Marketing Manager, My Coke Rewards, The Coca-Cola Company
you have a stronger heart than I.
you rang lol
hahahaha. Let's Go Heat!
too freaky since Angela and the girls have been watching the show alot lately.
Fuck, I gotta run 2 miles today
BlocPower aims to serve underserved communities in #bk. It would help churches, nonproifts bring down their energy costs.
w so many problems all over- are we going to invade the world? nothing out there i see worth an argument, let alone a fight.
should make a tumblr...and we can be tumblr buddies...
i told you I don't. and its not because of that theory. lmao
I'd keep them. Will be really great to read when you're old. :)
yeah I closed tonight ):
Thanks Mary. Invite just went out! Hope to see you there.
FOLLOW ME KIAN???(:
Congratulations to all the grads today! Your moms will be proud.
Hey Conan, watched your interview with Mr. Chou last night and was cracking up the whole time!
Good morning, Jake! Happy Easter, too! :-)
Is there a good Louisa May Alcott bibliography out there?
Looking forward to that! Do you need anything more from me for the CD cover?
It's feel good Thursday! ;-)
testing my new seo tool :) not happy with UI
I know exactly what escalator you're talking about! I rode it during a fifth grade field trip. It blew my mind even then.
Recently saved a hamster from a cat in an alleyway. I named him Potato. Fattening him up until I run out of food. Gonna be pretty soon, guy.
hey Zayn do you have an instagram? and if yes what is it?
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 7
Gettin' ready for the weekend in Fort Worth, TX! White Elephant on Friday & Keys Lounge on Saturday. If you're in town come on out!!
Procrastination is like masterbation in the end your just screwing yourself :O
I am sure it was, he is just very very angry
I Want To Win back ur Love!
I have to thank for always doing my eyeliner #likeaboss :)
Lunch , getting served by the big man himself!
Happy Holidays!Our Metric location is open on X-Mas Eve from 8am to 12pm and closed on X-Mas Day.Our Central Park location will be open 24/7
4 weeks of awesomeness :]
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? We understand. Check out the latest posting on Antengo and find what you're looking for in minutes!
Ops! forgot to edit that one!
I dont pick up the tab for a motherfucker who hasnt done a damn thing for me...break bread, make it a fair share...work for this shit!
I don't know but someone promised me there would be donuts...
I miss you too! RT : i miss
so boring
Ehh, as long as is okay.
madrid about to clinch the la liga title!!
Cure for Yeast Infection System. This system
Jamming some new tunes
ABSOLUTely Sister. Love you!
This is the 3rd time at UK that 3 players have scored their 1,000th career point in the same season (1983-1984 and 1991-1992 are the others)
yup just about to pass st.Louis
Watching BBC report than Spaniards pulled €1bn out of Bankia in the last week. The likelihood of Greece still being in the € next month? Nil
I am strong in Christ. In prayer my mind is open to ideas that are strong and true I feel an inflow of strength.
I'm out and about. Haven't had time to watch any playoff basketball today. Heard about D. Rose though.
Yay!!! Me and Kim #ForTheWin RT haha thanks! I'll have a drink on my next flight in your honor :p
HELLO MY DEAR FRIEND WINDEL!!!
Silverwood Studios would like to thank all of the men and women who do and have served our country in the armed forces on this #Memorial Day
You are welcome!
What up fam
I think you're either clutch or you're not. It's not something you can change. Under a lot of pressure some athletes think, others just do.
People and weather
so glad to see you in twitterland.
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously when you're not black and tweet on this subject.
It's very nice to have a jacket day in North Florida near the end of April!
Good morning. It is time for bed yet?
IM HERE!
Anderson U Mobile #eli2012: edtech is a tool,get faculty to seek assistance, capture good T&L data, workload issues,
Thanks for the mention!
Mr.Sutton,Chris Ingram the CEO of prepaid Master Card starts on our station Monday.Global Buisness talk radio.we are the future
We fast and pray to achieve proper sonship. You ought to have a discipline to do so.
Be safe driving!!! It's like a skating rink out there today! (and not the good kind...)
right. My bday coming up on the 26 I might be hittin up the club. You down?
If we don't change, we don't grow. If we don't grow, we aren't really living. -Gail Sheehy
my favortie song :-)
Aimee Bender, Lev Grossman, Anne Rice... excited to get a peek into those twisty minds of theirs at the LA Times #bookfest tomorrow!
such a nice day, and im cleaning? damn
People make time for who and what they want to make time for.....
Faculty do not distinguish by format, librarians/archivists must be able to be fluent in all formats.
i also didnt fully understand urban's love & connection for/with Ohio/OhioState. that means everything.
happy birthday alcide :-)
thank you , Andre De Shields and the whole gang for a great reading tonight! new friend too
Welcome to the Twittersphere. We invite you to follow us back for all the latest news about UMKC Libraries! :)
never nice when it's the playoffs
let's hope they keep it up. :)
I watched Star Trek last night and I cannot look at Spock the same after I watched Heroes.
Be the hero of your office... Pick up some breakfast tacos to go from The Screaming Goat!
Dang it! Missed the live stream of #8LA. How did I not know about this until after the fact?...
my favorite song by vampire weekend is giving up the gun yep
agreed. Angels and Tigers have very unbalanced lineups. Albert not cashing in right now. I like Texas though.
You raise good points. I did a spot check & all major museum apps I know were hits. Know a better list or query?
` Peter remind me of a female family member of mines lmao
He did much more of a disservice to the kid than to Maria I think
We do have shows on Saturdays from time to time. Should have some coming up. We'll keep you posted!
Didn't even notice that...
your welcome 😃
Double xp goes on until tomorrow.
just finished the magicians. found quentin VERY hard to like (and never got there), but the book was entertaining. thx!
#Macbook plugged in but not charging. Switched power sources, restarted, updated software. Power cord <6 mos old. Any ideas?
Excluding Dan Donegan who is your favorite guitarist all time?
wow what an amazing event!
On this day in 1937, the airship Hindenburg, the largest dirigible ever built, burst into flames killing 36 passengers and crewmembers.
Can you parallel park a live truck? I can!
The Cowboys have the worst front office and ownership in the NFL. # nepotism stinks
I dont wanna go to school but then i do cause it actually has AC
def a post chi comment sir.
Yeah, no.
Wanted Noel more than Shabazz. Still plenty of talent on the board.
thank you sure do!!
Thought Experiment: Had Selena lived, would J-Lo today be a middle-aged Bronx stripper trying to convince people she used to be a "Flygirl"?
hahaha! I forgot about that!
Lets go Lakers!!!
K-state, I don't always root for you, but when I do, it's against Texas schools. Beat Baylor for crying out loud!
Today like a dream bgt deh.
I agree bro. That's kinda u kno what lol
The compound radius on the soloist tugs me right at the heartstrings! I swear it makes me feel like the most proficient player
Just saw the It Gets Better vid. Well done, sir. Thank you for having the courage to stand up for LGBT rights and justice.
The Self is the source of love. People who live their own love stories have learned this lesson above all.
RT : Chances of developing coronary heart disease can be reduced by more than half through lifestyle & dietary changes
Tweet from my undergrad alma mater says "Don't miss [town's] favorite band!" I've never heard of said band. Am now officially old.
Thank you Kentucky wildcats! This was an awesome season!
“: Yup hit my limit I'm done drinking I think I proved my point lol” lol tomorrow tweet. ---> "getting wasted!"
true, true.
& once again you're 35, don't go threatening me.
#imthekindofperson you take home to meet the parents...**you said they liked me...of course they did..I'm me dummy**
LONGHORNS are on tv as I'm on the treadmill @ gym. I miss Austin. HOOK 'EM!
Oh Will Ya is mixed
Have a fab one!
Wow Scott!! No slicked back hair? No Tom ford pocket squares? Wow!!! you all look so young and normal lol
I've been laying in bed for 15 min now and I just can't force myself to get up. Ugh. Gonna be one of those days I think
cool:) Already we will meet there, if God wants... :)
busy working studying
Looking very fit and beautiful, Jelena.
was gonna send flowers to u at ur job but no address saw that u were havin a bad day
I think I may have found our #honeymoon spot! Now I just have to pay and wait for April 1st to come!
I need to learn how to fight like these agents on criminal minds.
Hey #sschat teachers, start thinking now abt leading THIS session! RT : is someone going 2 lead a HW session @ #edcampss? :)
Life is full of misery, loneliness, and suffering, and it's all over much too soon. - Woody Allen
Everyone make sure to put in your tweets, thanks! RTv
Oh girl is a world chick...kiss me when the job is done...100K we done came up/
I wouldn't test that theory “: I think I'd do very well for myself in prison.”
if you don't want an enemy don't fuck with my life
Awwwwh is looking good in his new avi!!! ;)
he had a fast car...
ah, good stuff re: rock and roll hall RT He wasn't. Mike D and Ad-Rock read a letter from MCA though.
hope #kidchocolate dominates tonight, he'll be throwing hershey kisses all night!!!
Do you guys ever get a shooting pain across your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you & they're stabbing it? No? How about now?
That's what I've been trying to tell you guys (but with better grammar) RT : wow your a stud
great country music with a soul twist give a. Listen.
Stop a Napoleon's on your way home from work for Show Tunes & Cocktails 2.0!
Note: Tweets tagged with "ms" are from PR guy , not jimmy
TIL all birds of prey are referred to as "raptors"
Now Tim Bullis is presenting the "Back Story" to us - always a fascinating part of the conference.
Success lies directly underneath what makes you most uncomfortable
Signing copies of my #books at the Clark County Library in #Vegas! Come on out! Here till 4:00...
i know i say this every week, but this has seriously been the longest week
My wife says I tweet too much so I decided to tweet that...
Hope it went well!
RT : . i'm planning to start a blog in next wks; my first post is "debunking the MBA myth." it's lazy MBAs that build...
meet & JazzyDalia & - Tom played guitar on the single I've been pushing...
Super mother's day services going on at at 9 & 10:30 this morning! Come on out.
you is ah-mazing son!!! I love you!!!
LOL too funny! : that's a bet brother ... And trust me will earn it, and when she does exclusive to you.
Congrats! Jefferson District Champions! Boys Basketball.
what do you expect we're on fire!!!
. we collectively bought the lie of 'info wants to be free', blaming privacy-victims for not submitting to this false inevitability
i Needem Mentally Stable I be runnin In too small Minded Mothafuckas
Busy. But made time to chill at the cabin. How was your weekend?
Every step that we make by our own courage is worth a vast number of steps made easy by some one else. -Manly P.Hall
Beast and Puck, omfg. This is beautiful.
All candidate said they would be police commissioner
Nobody is okay!!!!!
It's Gonna be a 12+ hour day! Im just tryna graduate.
agreed, I wouldn't have guessed that blackberry is the phone of choice for urban London youths.
Unconditional love would be a beautiful thing though. Some day.
ringalingaling! Hello??? Hi Jhoselin!! Thanks so much for following! Talk soon!!
I had a blast with this chick at the Tavern
Thanks for the RT! We're happy to follow you guys!
thanks!! I hope we win!!!
"there is nothing i do better than revenge" ;)
I will continue to proudly wear my lumberjack beard!
Late nights, early mornings
Would you trade either Berkman or Morse for Brandon Phillips? If so, who would you prefer? Thanks!!!
- what's nwobhm?
CD on the way to work puts me in a good mood every morning :) I can't wait to see him!!
used by 1.5M+ devs, is #1 mobile app publisher in Apple’s App Store making it a #FASTech50 on.wsj.com/lc42MJ
And just like that, Amy G. starts to get the hate tweets. Poor girl, 162 games until its all over.
teblew it. thank god.
My dreams are soo obscure......
International Spy Museum's Spy in the City Game: mobile i.e.on the streets, group version coming to play w/ up to 40.
"it has to be possible in both moments"
Stephan Meadows of El Cajon Brewing Co. said his biz got 600 applicants and hired 60 people for their eatery, most from El Cajon & Santee!
Just saw Actor in Paris movie theater. The movie is phenomenal.
ONE DIRECTION BETTER COME SOMEWHERE IN WASHINGTON! I don't care the time, place, or cost...IM GONNA GO.
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Lower cost of living.
giants went after williams kid, saying they knew hed been concussed,went after vick after he got bell rung in ATL/broke his hand
Flashbacks are all I've got to look forward to.
my sister just walked the stage. almost done with graduation. the dinner at the parents. i need a drink.
Cat kept me up all night cuz he wanted outside at 3am and I would not let him. He's at the vet now being neutered.
We'll get through this, damn it!!!
is there something in your eye. No wait, it's just a sparkle. ;)
hey sorry for the late reply how r yu
"We'll make some s'mores, man!"
Our new album hasn't come out yet, but we're demoing up seven new songs!!!!
Attended excellent event last night: Benjamin Percy reading from his novel THE WILDING.
Principal's Remarks Generate Concern Over District Writing Instruction: Parents and Board Trustees are examining the district's writi..
Port to the left, starboard to the right raise the sail when the winds just right
the cuban coffee down there is amazing...have a cup for me :)
it's also new moon in tours ... a month of healing it ends on May 21.
my head hurt...i feel like im gettin high blood pressure
why is no one talking about how the "payroll tax cut" confirms the notion that the social security lockbox is a lie?
High-Five right back at ya! RT : 27 days til I land in Vegas for #DL11 - Get excited, people. Who's with me? *Vegas high-five*
From one ex-pimp to the next......"Add more powder to your palm and all your problems will be gone"
Freakin excited to watch The Pauly D Project tonight. "Yeah Buddy" - Pauly D #PaulyDpregame <3
about to go to church(: Christmas in 2 days<3
that looks great! Think I will try that this weekend!
why thank you!!! I'll go vote and tell my friends AND tell my family ;)
how sad are you that club Bucky is 364 days away
...you can have that...hoe's are for everybody to enjoy...-con-
SAVE 60% off on a bottle of Skyy Vodka&VIP table at Fleetwood in the <3 of Downtown SD! No Ideas for Halloween? This is it my friends!
For some reason the compact view in #gmail makes it look to me like I have more emails and thus: more work. Compelled to
Hey, could you please help me? i need more followers !
RT I have to appreciate that Snooki is at least doing her part to try and convince Santorum to change his stance on abortion.
If it was Rondo, the narrative would be lumping him together with Beckett saying "they don't get it".
performing with Cody Simpson today
I choose 1215 ( magma carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
man am fucken bored
A big welcome to the - just joined Twitter! Great NZ regional museum. Take a look!
I'm always so confused when I wake up.
Its def way to early in my life to make that kind of commitment and be tied down like that
yeah it is a peaceful little town
AWW TOO BADD ME AND SiS iN-LAW WONT GRADUATE TOGETHER -.-
So ididnt go on the date but im with the guys
Hang in there. I get discouraged sometimes too trying to promote music with little response, but I have fun and keep rollin' on
Friends,watch the SVU marathon on USA today&I might just pop up on your screen during the 7pm episode =)
Thanks for following. I'd love to send you a copy of The Birthday Questions Think you'll like the idea.
Romney says "hijinks" is the new name for "assault".
idk I'm on there now. Hopefully he's not in there overnight lol
Peace, love & creativity
Don't forget about your lil' buddy Justin when you drink that.
she's gonna be on glee for the season finally ;D
Thank you for checking out our 3M multi-touch display. We are working on some videos
Sorry I've been slacking. I'll try to produce a great fart joke soon!
Students & #aoahill = GREAT combo ! RT #AOA advocacy meeting in Washington DC. It's time to fight for optometry!
Sorry, know what that's like, worked a lot of the conference and most of my free time last yr. Hope u get more freedom!
Coachella is expected to make an announcement on Monday. Likely concert dates for 2013, but possibly a Tupac weekend.
Should have mixed it with Cointreau from the liquor cabinet.
Thanks, Pacers fans! We received our limit. Congrats to the 250 fans that get to see me dunk live on Tuesday.
we could've been friend but then u change your mind. Now u change it again. Need to make up your mind.
no clue
i Luhv You Too BITCH
Where do you find it?
Everybody be calling Jordan 'Jo' these days.
Okay. 2am. I gave it my best for the night. Goodnight fish tank.
Watching "Gridiron Gang"
No kitsch for her: Sister has sinister replica of barber's razor as fridge magnet, gift from involvement with Sweeney Todd.
Fuck. Why are you so cute?
Rail<2'e
"You can't bring back the past. It's gone. All you can do is let go, move on, and make better memories for the future.”
I might actually watch this NASCAR race. Go all 42 drivers not named Earnhardt.
": we r awesome." Haha. I was thinking the samething..
Instagram I will follow back, mzviciouz
"Talent is a gift. Character is a choice."-Anthony Grant, Alabama basketball coach, quoting John Maxwell
Okay. :) Think about it guys. :D
Baby on the way? Upload ur pregnancy/gender announcement on our Facebook by May 1st to try win a 4 piece prize package!
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more information. Thank you!
Good night
Anyone dying to see the Vikings on Sunday? (2) tickets section 214, row 15, seats 9 and 10 - face value $74. Will take $50/each.
Where youth are invested wholeheartedly in their economy: Costa Rica universities. Eco-tourism is their future and their hope.
the whole point of that rant was to express the symptoms of my illness. Now go do something productive faggot.
Sorry for the lack of content guys. I assure you, we are still alive. Just lazy. Stuff coming soon.
So distracted by the awesomeness of the I let my daughter spill my beer!
Flight delays = streaming Charlie Murphy: I Will Not Apologize on netflix
is now also a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!!"
Some of SoCal’s most established breweries will be providing tasters including , , , and !
Lol, just had to look that up. It's Jade! That's a good jam too. They're up there with SWV!
Why San Antonio & not Austin. Austin is the stuff!
me too! i went with my mom and grandma and it was so special.
Love Youu Too Buddy.!
hi gorgeous
Pill hits homer, I'm liking this.
Having fun helping customers pot up window boxes filled with herb and edible flowers today. Hooray for in-store planting!
Me too, Hillary. Me, too.
ringringring! Hi Danierra!! Thanks so much for following!! Have a great Friday!!
Doonby looks awesome! Can't wait to see it!
Singing.. I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise I don't mind giving God the praise..giving God the praise..
I look for usage information in man pages first. When it's not there I guess how the software works. When that fails I read the man page.
5 Rules For Choosing Your Online Dating Photos [EXPERT]
He thinks i'm weird because I have a thing of smelling his armpit always 😉😌😚
"handle" it then mami ;)
I use it daily!
Sorry last two tweets out of sequence. Forgot to tag you on the originals... o_0
Why am I putting the Red Sox game on. Why
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
Happy Birthday my fellow Californian! It was great meeting you last year.
Front row for at lasell then backstage cant wait this is gonna be sick
I really need to get my sleep schedule back to normal... this sucks.
We all have that one friend, that takes it a little too far.. every single time.
#mitt can't answer a direct question...maybe something more simple-big mac or whopper?
yep, just played "dong" against my dad in Words with Friends
im glad we both where we are now and we didnt let go of each other!
There is no such thing as one little sin... Give an inch and it's a guarantee the Devil will take a mile.
It's a Good Friday ;)
my bad we was both driving, I'll see you again hopefully
sweet! Driving 5 hrs to go see in Dallas on Nov 9th!!! 
What hurts more than losing people is knowing they're not fighting to keep me
Buy $20 for $10 on Yelp!
Only to facilitate. RT : I want it in Bron's hands late, dont necessarily need him to shoot it tho. Depends on the situation.
A lot of people run a race to see who's the fastest. I run to see who has the most guts.
Spiritualized opening with "Hey Jane." Everyone collectively agrees new Spiritualized is really good?
Not gonna lie, I'm a little bummed that we didn't win the mega millions.
Back on my cooking grind
We're so happy to be here WOMPing our hearts out!
I sure am! Just made a decision and booked. Time to go to the next level.
Busy day for us! Love Rock came off the bottling line today, and Pot Luck Packs went out the door!
Move The Floor Uproar is this Saturday! By the way, we saw Bridesmaids last night, definitely The Hangover for girls.
Been working since 3pm yesterday & don't get off till 11am this morning.
you're really really pretty nh.
Wow pick a key josh turner lite!
You and me both!
Who's going to the paradise fears show june 2nd? THIS GIRL
I really want to see the dictator.
Spurs are gunna take a championship home this year ! <3 i can feel it ! #SPURS!
I Need 10 More Followers To Reach 500!(:
Oh dear, my Omer counting has gotten mixed up. Help me out? Today is still Tiferet w/in Tiferet? Tonight we move to Netzach in Tiferet?
#wordsthatwillgetyousome are you from tennessee? cuz your the only ten i see
sometime you just got to do u
You know you're in love with someone when all you want is for them to be happy.... even if your happiness isn't part of theirs.
#trump hates black people
Bout to put one n da air
i'm so hungry
thanks so much I'm new to the shift from print to online media. It's so great to connect!
True RT : #Capricorn prefers to play the background but somehow always end up in the spotlight.
Kind of obsessed with
Up late because I over think on something so simple... Now #watching Breaking Bad
This reminded me of U- If I drink alcohol I am alcoholic. So if I drink Fanta, am I fantastic?
That's some BS, they cheated !!
I will!! XD
haha can you send your chauffeur to pick me up? I am incapable of operating a vehicle right meow
Alright...what is it about...?
hm good observation
If you're in NY this weekend, stay warm! If you came out to San Diego for Pacific Symposium, we'll see you there!
I hate NBC coverage.
Seriously, who designs a bolt sticking out a half inch near a pull start cord?
haha I don't understand why she's making music to begin with!
Jaw is almost healed, excited to start eating real food without pain
Yell at me for... It's just not a good time. No one has a perfect life. If we did, it'd be too easy. Just trust in god.
The saddest summary of a life contains three descriptions: could have, might have, and should have. ~Louis E. Boone
just read your phone article. So basic and so true. When people have all the answers they are untrainable. Too bad
definitely outside of my comfort zone
Go you! I'm about to do the same. Lotsa work to do. Happy writing!
. rocking some sharp design in her visuals supporting a talk on Reality Ends Here, an arg for USC SCA students
how much of a discount do you get?
Penny Stocks Pick: When you think of trading penny stocks, the major
If I Had a Gun I would kill the person who created all hard drugs...
Sure thing. See you around OKC sometime!
pizza for breakfast
u can pick ya friends but u cant pick ya family!! u aint gotta be ashamed of me lmao!!
Yes, if I survive past tomorrow, sure. I honestly need miracles right now and wool isn't enough.
Im highly connected in wine boxes RT you think you can get me 3 or 4 empty wine boxes...need to move my wine!
I hear ya. How's the music coming along?
it's gansta now? What about ninjas, rockstars and unicorns????
i can't believe i'm gonna be a momma to a two year old this July ! Time has flown ! Bentley , mommy loves and misses you angel <3 R.i.P.
You know I love you, but seriously do the dare!I would absolutely love to see you & do it!Pwease, do it for me?(:
Between each entry? It might make it pop more. Just a thought. FYI: I'm viewing on my iPhone.
you account has been hacked. Log in and change your password. You sent me a DM i have seen many times. Good luck!
Life is difficult, and difficulty is the only path to wisdom. - Dr. David Jeremiah
R/T Ladies stopping dating local celebrities if you can't deal with all the attention he's getting, gotta go they the grind to get to shine
“: Make the best damn lemonade ;-) RT : When life hands you lemons. . .” yup Spec!
Research and Markets: Emergency Care Management 2012
ruby red grapefruit for a late morning snack is definitely hitting the spot
“The dreamers are the saviors of the world.” #James Allen
thanks Ernie. It sucks!
Excited to have and World Learning kick off our pre-meeting activities!
I love dining at Raisins in Incredible service, terrific food.
any sexy woman in my peripheral will automatically Turn Me On ... all the hot things about chicks are definitely
No school friday !!!!
What is it about people who call themselves "spiritual teachers"?
i think your on drugs now.. haha
Fusion magazine comes out April 10th with my feature!
I just noticed that you tweeted the photo. Thanks.
Had a blast. Great win.
Broadcasting a major skyland conference matchup between ridge and pingry for MSG VARSITY!!!!!
I'll bet you can guess!
We are in!
I love you:*
Sunlight is one :)
lol ok so i see ppl take dms seriously i barely check my dms bitches really get mad when u dont respond lol so they unfollow
I was in Louisville and I SCREAMED IT OUT THE WINDOW!!" #A Day! 4
im down for anything unc related....
Quite honestly, I HATE Joe Girardi yelling at the media when they "dare" call Chris Stewart CC's personal catcher. He's caught CC over the
Got a new i-fone....amazing
Gotta say....I heart Ibaka
Thanks!! RT : Netflix has just licensed for two years, to use in retail stores and online!
Still up at 4:51 am? Yeah, otherwise I wouldn't be typing this. Pulling an all-nighter. We're cool. -K .xx
Seen overabundance of spam emails about viagra & pleasing my woman with my sweet girth. I wonder if someone is trying to tell me something?
Woke up to 83 messages from him 0_o
It's never a problem to go the extra mile to make someone u love comfortable.
I just nailed in the ear with a tennis ball playing a match: OUCH
woohoo! Happy Birthday!!
argh! Stevens was RIGHT, it is tubes. He wasn't right about much, but he was right about that.
you just made me smile SO big carlie! ah love you too! hugs to cooper! totally made my day! mwah x
On the flight to JFK airport in New York!
Really Obama, I like you and all, but couldn't you have picked a better time to have your speech - it's Teen Week on Jeopardy!
too that's great :)) how r u my love ??? Any news? Love u so much!!
think this time i'll pick the sword as my strength and the wand as my weakness. usually pick the shield as my strength
Oh okay cause I hear that a lot and I was just wondering.
Sick of all this easter candy
Until the demon from paranormal activity comes and drags you down the hall (;
So ready for prom on Saturday.
RT : So impressed by the CMS Young Musicians Concert
idk how happy it truly is if it's suppose to snow later haha
You are not going to want to miss the forecast on Good Day Oregon. This weekend we'll have our warmest temps of the year so far!
we make it bizarre up in here-ah.
Finaly home!! sitting in bed(:
mayg is going on sunday and possibly sam!
are you guys aloud to use your phones in class? i've watched some of ur Keeks and u guys r using them
Home sweet home finally made it back to da states... had a blast in da Philippines can't wait 2 visit again!
was it just me or did it like it took YEARS for the blitz to arrive?
I now declare my favorite restaurant.
'Cause you are beautiful just like a purple sky<3
Dr. Swanson Delphi study: 100% consensus on needing constructive feedback to have e-connectivity with your students
Good Morning , Happy MLK Day, How should I submit the tracks?
Enjoying a mediterreanean buffet in downtown Houston; yummy!
If I was married and zayn wants me I guess I would have to get a divorce because I'm in love with zayn!!,
does it come with instructions??
you're irrelevant.
hey babes beautiful mother fucker true love god damn gorgeous cumdump hunny bunny
No. You sure can't argue with stupid! Alexis is the WORST!
Follow me on instagram  and I will follow back
I don't think he can discuss that. I believe that's a violation
add me to that list too please, trying to connect actors to the new productions we have going up on the site
Really enjoyed the show last night at Harlot in SF - w/special guests blew that place away! Check them out for sure!
Accident US 95 & S. Rancho blocking three lanes. Delays begin at Decatur.
It feel super late
I'm finally starting to get decent 4G coverage while in downtown Portland. So this is what the EVO 4G was all about then.
#LANL folk clearly get yesterday's approach was not gonna cut it. Big change in 'tone.'
Come Overtrrr &&' I Said No Comments
I'll make it better ;)
12 Days until Mark Twain letters exhibition opens. Preparations under way...
late as usual. See you soon! xoxo
How dare he?! Jeez RT : #Saudi blogger arrested, facing calls for execution after tweets about prophet Muhammad
Ive heard not at all only of you tryin to take 50 kids....LOL
hay baby
I like what you are doing here. You just followed me. I am following you back as I should. ;)
Irony: I had a nightmare last night about leaving babies behind. #NotAMommy?
It's on Sunday in HERMOSA. lol that's fun to say..... HERMOSA. xD
Suspected car thief perched on roof of house on Malcolm Avenue in #Westwood. SWAT team has arrived. Follow for updates.
I agree. We're headed in the right direction no doubt!
bonus track SoD: Canon in D-Pachelbel
My aunt remembers each person's favorite. Mine? The homemade Italian sodas she used to make me as a kid.
Thank you for the RT. It's a great way to visualize the concept
I'm so ragey tonight that i'm scaring myself!
I'll check him out, thanks for lookin out!
Clearing the underbrush and building forts in my mind
On my way to
Our free web design program is starting again Jan 4th. www.headwebmaster.com
Ho! RT YOU WON'T LIKE ME WHEN I'M ANGRY. I BACK UP MY RAGE W/SOURCES & DOCUMENTATION
woooah your from Winnipeg o: and yes I am (:
Hard Times: An Oral History. #historypornparodies (Cheating?)
:D it's a great thing.
Woah did I see a Pacer fan on my TL???? Idk they existed ...even in Indiana
awesome. Cya there! If u wanna know what madness you're in for, the band is called 'Die Pretty'. Check em out.
scary audition for House. Had to speak fluent german!!! :/
Eat it, don't tweet it
#TheBestThing Would Be . . . When GOD Comes Back and chooses who goes to Heaven, and I hear Me, My Family and My Friend's Name
Check out the photo shoot of the Anderson Family Holiday photos by going to my FB page below!
when i see my boyfriend and his family at the mall with like no makeup on, looking ratchet... lol why me.
Day 2 at Emerald Downs Gift Show -- lots of fun!
Too bad, right man for the job. RT : CMS admin Don Berwick has stepped down, resigns officially 12/2. bit.ly/teqyFw
dont forget to pack your boomstick for the trip to SF
um im not? what are you talkin about .
A day without music, is a day wasted.
damn cant get enough
please support and follow
congrats on all your happenings!! Office looks FAB!!
make sure to catch at club nokia feburary 2, and follow them on twitter!
Things I have learned from #ows - Apparently freedom looks a lot like a Phish tailgate party.
": back in Vancouver I was there for one night :(" not cool did u have fun keep in touch or add me on facebook
RT : Our new weekly series, “Toward a Cancer-Free World,” starts today on news! Look for segments at noon, 5, and 6.
I totally binged last night :\
I friggin love
Go to church that morning and get fucked up that evening
#Fatty acids, especially #Omega-3, have been associated with a decreased risk of
Anyone have a cool #SemanticWeb app running on the #iPad yet?
RT : If you want a 6 hour Best Show next week I need to hit 10,000 followers. Otherwise its experimental music.
#bush #gop cause of two wars, loss of lives, broken economy, deficit, and more. Glad #obama is the POTUS to clean up the mess.
That sounds like the worst ever!
it was way too much fun tonight!!! Thanks so much!!
really surprisingly like . always manages to make me laugh.
As I am planning my four days in California I am nearly breathless with how crazy my schedule is going to be! Phew!
what's up thanks for following back :)
I am 58,stopped work 10 yrs ago. Had stroke.too young to stop work!i loved my job!i dream almost everynite I am working
just trying to get into the chirping world of twitter. Sounds like it might be hard to do.
ACT retake today. Time to kick this test's butt.
hahaa my booger was a yittle burnt actually! darn them!
kindle is getting a lot of love. I will check more out tomorrow.
Capitalists don't create jobs; they kill jobs to make more profits. They are not job creators; they are job losers. Go figure.
Christmas Photo session coming soon! WE look foward to sharing. Have a great weekend everyone!
Wuddup cuz! Good to see ya doing well
Get off Lebron's jock. Plenty of normal people ride their bike to work. Just cause his bike says king James its cool. #comeonson!
RT : 2 products i couldn't do without, both open source: moodle for course websites and trac for project mgmt/wiki/ticketing.
is killing it at #140cuse talking about #game162. by far best tweets of the night "..."
Portland crust punk spends weekend trying to master the bedazzler so he can add studs to his new vest.
the same people who shit at a club
not really
love love loving all the cool info as it happens jojo!!
Hey Ladies, How was Diva night?! Find any great buys?
Lack of Tony nominations spell doom for two plays: will close May 6 and will follow on May 12.
love you too ❤
is it bad that the intro is my favorite track on Dreamchasers 2?
Wow, treasure that time together!!! It's not everyone who can go to BD class with their mom!!!
Great time at Jabberwocky tonight. Sandra Harris won the contest!
Kathryn sang her first dragon to sleep today. I'm so proud of her. Main characters grow up so fast.
crying like a little baby watching this carl beane tribute on nesn. :(
OH YEAH OMG
Did you remember to spring forward one hour? Don't forget to set your clocks ahead by on hour today if you haven't yet.
Just had a feeling . Dont worry though , i already found out the hard way .
It looks really good, doesn't it? One of my high scool classmates now owns it.
Scatter sunshine. Live today without unhealthy thoughts and day by day it becomes habitual and you're moving towards a healthier lifestyle.
I know that guy ! He is hillarious. When I read his tweets I can here him saying it in my head lol
Glad to be working with #Queens Theatre in the Park again this year! is just the bestest!
I really like your decor that you use on your website www.urbanlifestyledecorblog.com
congrats! That's awesome.
All of this shows up in the third mvmt again
do you feel you are entrapping these companies/people you go after?
MT : Today's Marie Curie #googledoodle pique your interest in women scientists? Meet more w/ this slideshow:...
that was my shit still is
Listening to Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
Go for it.. demand your privacy.
perfect can't wait lady it will be amazing how old you gonna be?
So handsome! Happy Easter to you and your family.
even in purple rain?
#WeLoveTreasa <3 She's been through so much. She deserves better. She's such a strong girl.
What was your topic(s)?
OMG I just found out something that will BLOW YOUR MIND!! I was born ON MY BIRTHDAY!!
okay....? Btw I wasn't creeping it was on my timeline. And why would I ever want to creep on u? I obviously HAVE a life unlike u
"When did having enough stop being enough? Even if you could have it all, where the hell would you put it?" 'In Plain Sight'
When I reach 1000 followers the winner who has gave me the most shoutouts will get a Play-On bracelet from me :)
the joe is crazy with Detroit pride.tonight!! Loud as hell, 5 minutes left, Red Wings 5 - Calgary 3 ... LETS GO WINGS!!!!
And... I know... 'this is crazy. this is crazy. this is crazy.'... but... Vacation was GREAT Chase movie as well!
and whats black hat tactics? sorry
She's a man ;) good times
Fuck u Luke.Scott
oh, I know. This'll be round 2 (out of many)!
<tap> <tap> Is this thing on?
I didn't know you read Weekend Reading! Flattered beyond belief.
Book signings and Holiday shopping right around th ecorner
Gonna miss you guys. Off to the Motherland(Dominican Republic), got family things to take care off. Gon' miss New York.
"I'm up, and it's 2:49 in Texas!! #cantsleept"
Sounds great! Hope all your #melus12 sessions were good!
RT It's Almost That Time , Graduation Is Getting Close !
used to strip for a nigga now got nothing but lip for a nigga..
A bit of sharpening with spiritual leadership brothers this AM. Should be nice. Like having a long cool drink of water on a hot day.
; that's her instagram name foo
Tomorrow, I will be tweeting live from underneath Seth's weekend update desk where I will be hiding for a few days.
Anyone else feeling that NPR and their ed coverage has changed because of Gates money? I do.
haha! I think we know what you're having!
Ok, so Model UN for iPad is coming along just fine. How many of you are looking forward to that?
Hi! For now, just have the photographer you work with submit your work for new issues and/or our website. Hope this helps! :)
Editing while dead tired is a terrible idea. However, must be done but eye drops needed!
Going to see the braves play the cubs at wrigley in Chicago Monday while I'm up there for the restaurant show.
me too!
. Where's this Marques houston concert at?
ET WAS REAL
"Honestly" is now playing on ! Thank you, Romeo! A job well done, Beautiful Freaks! :)
I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.
:) my dad is midget owner so would you be interest driving 2 race at indianapolis and ohio in the summer?
Thanks for the follow! @ chai_haiku
What time is it? It's
What a day this has been! Some highs and lows, but thankful that God allowed me and YOU to see this day. GN tweeps!
why me? I've been sick as fuck
Church then work . That's my day .
No matter how many games they win, Tom Crean will ALWAYS rub me the wrong way!
in theory, i'm "talking" to you...haha!
super jealous that got to visit the truck and I didn't!!!!!
What are we going to do with you?? SMH
OMG that bitch ate rocks
Still In class
I was thinking about sending you a WhatsApp, but maybe you got angry or you're bussy.
lol when I found out u def no
Family member admitted to ER during computer outage. No complaints. Only praise for this excellent team!
Layin down some cello today at R.i.T.E. Records
Nice rainy Friday in Albuquerque. Nice day to shop - or not.
Eventually though the craftsman needs to leave his box & get his music out to the people that want to be touched by it.
That sounds fabulous!
Dont forget: If you are coming to the concert tonight at , bring a NEW Bible to donate to the
12 hours at work today... & I'm STILL here -_-
good luck! Hopefully we can raise some money for a great cause!
It's not till ur lost,that u can be found
Not to brag, but I've now read Diary of a Country Parson AND Diary of a Country Priest. What do I get?
LoL... Just doin my part ;) ... The insane light situation was resolved btw.
Thriller Jason? Thriller?
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH ! <3 3
Have you not seen in infamous G-string wearing cyclist yet?
thank you so much ^_^
there are generally a lot of changes that must be made that the artist and recording engineer can't see making.
Thanks for the follow We're excited about offering D-Tech's #RFID & SelfCheck solutions to customers!
follow me
Free beer at sprechers pub tonight! You need to follow to get more info!
Drowned? Um, if she only drowned then why was the child bound up & her mouth covered with duct tape?
we could all pray to sweet Virgin Cheryl.
not by choice dear for work and go there every 3 months. Truthfully its not that bad. Peeps I work with are pretty nice.
I LOVE MILEY CYRUS ♥
lol she said she still your sis
I was planning on attending the GIS session, but I may stop in to get some more ideas. I'm presenting at 11:00.
He took the goggles off! Quick someone go hide them!
it's that time of the day.
are you surprised?
eh... we try ! tell your friends to take a listen :D
I Was Going Thru My Call Log The Other Day And All I Saw Was Your Name, I Was Thinking What I'm Thinking This Girl Got Me Feeling Some Kinda
and furthermore....bedfellows, make politics strange
I'm so excited, I just can't hide it... I'm about to lose control & I think I like it!
YES-->Eliminate unprofitable services/products and focus on what makes money. Or outsource it.
what are you wearing and did you win???
doing good buddy!
wait r u out or home cuz we r out and I'm driving, bottle when I get home.
are we talkin' Sean Penn's PLEDGE? or something premiering at Sundance?
Email the tracks so i can hear em
Welcome to team ! I look forward to learning from you. ;)
I am now going to use the phrase "battle dress" as often as possible.
Almost forgot about this...
She call me when she wanna fuck. I never call, she knows what's up.
Recent studies reveal that 83% of American girls are lame.
Time to brush up on your photography skills! RT : "Literal dream come true thanks to #tumorroowlandz"
Tweeting, for fun, from iCab for iOS.
Tune into ABC's Good Morning America this morning during the 8am hour. I'll be modeling some great spring fashions!
Mark your calendar- Thurs 3/11 Harrisons on Third: GOKickball pre-season party. We've almost made it to spring! Lets celebrate this shit!
Yes, and we're looking for interns too! Great opportunities.
"#GuysNeedTo realize she's tired of fighting, She wants to be fought for, tired of caring, she wants to be cared for. & Wants to be yours."
I fixed it! Haha
aww u was waiting for me ya was still sleeping this morning I broke out n u
Los Angeles, in spite of appearances, is deeply introverted. Takes most people a long time to learn to love it.
blue sky this Friday crazzyyyy
old school…that shit was monumental for me
In Elementary School Life Was Easy , Now We Have Pregnant Friends , Friends In Jail And Dead Friends.. F*ck Happened? ( Sh!t Got Real )
My only requests for post-graduation are ice cream on the way home and a campout in the backyard
Love U Jacob Follow Me Please :) Thanks:) 1-4-3
nothing pisses me off more than someone who protests the "tone" of conservatives while issuing physical threats...
great blog post!
You can't have a better tomorrow if you're always thinking about yesterday.
It means that I have been in community theatre to long. Looking at my resume with all the shows I have done, looks like I cannot advance
Today's "have you ever..." on the www.knowledgesafari.com blog is about #gfree #glutenfree #GF living! Come share with us.
lol hell yea. She was like "You guuuuuyyysss..." *sad voice*
RT All players who were on waivers yesterday have cleared.
I'm super excited about my first basketball game. My mom used to teach Dwayne at Marquette! BTW I'm already the size of a truck!
Like the episode with Adam Baldwin. Not as much Firefly as I expected. Loved the spot after with R. Downey Jr about Avengers
Four straight hours of nothing else to do but play instruments with the occasional hot toddy thrown in the mix.
👏👏👏👏 RT : Feels like i never leave this place and i relle kinda dont . Another day with my girls stay blessed everyone !
Brausse Group is offering 1 40" automatic die cutter, model 1050SE at discounted price to any Buyer that can take delivery in next 30 days.
It's going to be a long weekend and DAY/NIGHT. Aye
Is there anything better than watching the #Cubs get crushed at Wrigley?
Subway, yes. <3 #food>people
Also, I've got a lot on my plate right now. I'm my own boss & a full-time mechanic...
It was a great event, but nowhere near as fab as the ones they've had in Denver! ;)
Follow me ?!
I think im gona end up dying at the gym somehow smh the shit I do lol
We are at the pier, booth 41001. Will see you next week!
from california not hollywood but I wish I was in hollywood
I happened to be talking to KIM...why you always gotta be so fresh?!?!?!
eating a buttload of candy tonight so hopefully puking will be easier tomorrow :/
Up and coming producers... get your hard work on screen and check out our great new festival!
went to college in Aalborg.. Love DK.
4 example, idiot cops/lawyers/judges/liars/perverts/ everywhere slobbering infected thoughts, setting hog like examples 4other people's kids
well please spread the word about us!!!
bickertons about to get about to the face
thanks for sponsoring the show
i just woke up, but soon as i find some food ima take a nap lmao.
I want to go on the spaceplane. I lost my 200 grand on Chippewa though...
I hate how I'm always the one attacked.
I hate people
Bible #totalblackout funniest show ever !!!! I died :D
so awesome! You guys must be on cloud 9! :)
it would mean so much to me and my daughters #1DMix933 please
Thanks 4 for the follow, have a good day.Good Bless
Friends, fast what's cribbage again?!
CONGRATS TO JESSE AND TONY!!!! Happy Birthday to Grace Olivia Schirmang, 7lbs 4 ounces, 20 inches
RT HS Secretary Sebelius entering the House chamber. Hope we hear about #children's #health tonight.
Just finished working out, can't feel any better than this!:)
Casting! Know anyone in a bad relationship? Is it time for a love intervention? Email your story to:
Hey does anyone out there use Workamajig project management software? If so DM me please.
Calling all Honeywell security installers! We can save you money on equipment and help you build your business. Call us at 866.364.0030
Love is not just a word, its wat 2 people share together
hey now...we'll do fine without him (faithful fan/season ticketholder hope here, ha)!
And you fell victim to my failed attempt to establish lists. I do better with chaos!
Heyy! How was your day? I Love You too! xoxo
#WeWontWork if you have a bad personality or no sense of humor.
#ff to every single person involved with #uwsocial and #smbmad! (It's like an Oscar speech ... you know who you are)
Moving to different offices is a pain. Can't wait to go back to the dental office in Tempe.
Can't blame a guy for wanting a seat on long subway ride but what about an accurate body type assessment and ability to fit into said seat?
Is ready to get this day over with.
heart melt RT : The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother via
you guys ball for me too, pour me something
me, my mom, and my grandma all did that to a wedding once.
well that's a warm welcome to the twitter world...
I am almost certain I'm running a fever.
How old r u? Wondering if u r now youngest elder in the Conference instead of me?
#HappyBirthdayJustinBieber ! ♥ Our kidrauhl is 18 ^,^ You are an inspiration to all of us.
good luck! :)
Off to learn music for a reading of a new musical called Invincible! What an opportunity!! :)
Thanks for the mention!
Our child abuse radiothon is off to a good start! Call 720-855-3247 to donate! The second volunteer shift from Noble Energy is ready!!
google needs to let me in. I feel left out
I might legitimately do that.
RT : Hard to know if FB fans indicator of voter turn-out. Predictor claim could be chicken/egg issue.
Happy Mother's Day! <3 :)
He is a loathsome, offensive brute, yet I can't look away.
About to get body painted for the first time... ^_^
OMG! i love this! hahahahahs gkjsdnbfgikjsbgkjsd EMIE i love you
Good Day All
this bitch talkin bout time to go to work.
Now available: VPS servers! VPS with control panel, and Premium shared hosting!
If you play #WoW and ur #horde. Message me so I can add you in game. Im looking for more LFR/HoTs friends. Heck even for pvp time!!
had the best time at the tailgate..didn't even make it to the game! FAIL !! (Y)
You can run away with me, anytime you want.
Confront your fears and engage Parade Magazine #Elvis collectibles!
Thanks so much!!
lend me Metal Gear for the weekend
one day...one day...one day I'll have a game with Patrick Swayze
Nice nice... most of the TV cameras are behind you though, so low chance of you going national haha
10 tickets laid out, ready to go! "first number up... 46!". FUCK!
Why are there such long lines at McDonald's when there is so much better food 50ft away?? Delicious!
#Molanlabe ... count down on.
I shall text you later today, we shall find a time to get together.
Hey, nice name Stewart...
Feel better!
argues Collins amendment to restrict #BoilerMACT will result in 8100 premature deaths & 400k lost work days
YES ": Every minute you waste judging someone is a minute you could have used loving someone."
Fluffy pillows are used for hugging. But neck pillows should be small but ergonomic so that your neck would have better support.
how could I forget !? :p
nice. RT : I passed that mark the first day I got a smart phone.
gotta find a new hobby...
When the lights go out just put a cookie in your mouth
I had a moment of weakness and ate a leftover bagel from this morning. Tried to make it the whole day. DAMN YOU, FREE BAGEL FRIDAY!
enraging! I can't tell you how many times I've been at a bar with the big glowing Honey Brown sign and they didn't have any.
An ominous feeling of heartbreak on the very near horizon... Welcome back to the suck-.-
and the fares keep going up, service & reliability down.
hope your knee is good bro Spartans need you go state!!
that awkward moment when youre in a crowd of people & you accidentally hold a guy's hand next to you thinking its your boyfriend's hand
We'll tell you when you're older. ;)
Don't forget to book your appt for the holiday's parties!
Yea he is! Total crush on him!(:
can ii get a bowl too
why can't I find the "YOU DON'T SAY" photo of noyes when I need it..
Gearing up for a fantastic lemur event with our friends at The Bronx Zoo!
bro we got two days I didn't forget
Looks like these pizza rolls & I are setting up for a nice blizzardy Sunday together
what?c:
No Sleep, No food,, Now I gotta goto work, damn.... I need a day off!
lmbo ikr! Talked bad about them folks.
you did that?? lol i added them on FB tho to my other page the " Octavia Scott" PG
Hell yea this is gonna be fuckin amazing #TeenWolf follow.
#teachers - how are you turning the hype behind The Hunger Games movie into a teachable moment in your classroom?
Got Wine? We are tasting 2 great wines all day today til 6pm!! Stop by and visit.
Come down to Twins Jazz club to catch my band performing original music from my album 1334 U ST NW DC 8pm
Dear Denver, thanks for supporting us this weekend! We're so proud of what we accomplished!
Interesting to see little or no corporate logos inside Rose Garden for NCAA tourney compared to college bowl games
u so nasty!
Um amma go to bed now I have2 wake up early
adorable new picture Mr. Biersack(:
I love you more than anything tyler sheppard <3
Sunday Fun-Day Sache!!!!!!! Walk in wearing your shades and get 10% off (even if your not hungover)!
Have a great weekend everyone
We're at #insum11. Highly recommend following hashtag for great library marketing ideas.
Sorry, No GPS devices but we can order just about anything...
watching friday Smackdown
So how is everyone doing? Haven't been able to talk on Twitter in a while. Say hi!! :)
Whenever I'm part of a group that gets a text message, I get everyone's replies to the sender. Why? #techdesk #helpdesk #techchat #whichtag?
Whew....busy Monday here at the warehouse. Chat with us live again tomorrow morning starting at 8am with any questions.
same here homie
#Good-morning #followers, #TGIF have a nice day
The best way 2help the developmentally disabled is to tell your friends! Help us spread awareness about how badly our assistance is needed.
last night why didn't you go to the bean?
This kid next to me looks like .. <33 lol full on stalker mode.
we're just getting started :) lots of cool event stuff happening soon we'll keep you in the loop
RT : I'm about to cut off ties with thank you for your #twitter bio <-- You're welcome =)
Yeeah. I think it's just one local section blogger having fun. Did you see it on homepage or something?
Crazy weekend :) ending my night with new video! how was ypur weekend?
Any universities using wordpress (ala cuny commons, U Mary W.) as tool for engaging external constituencies? ?
sister's band competition today :D
I am dealing with it myself...you're telling me that when you had 8 people coming at me...
damn, this is going to be hard. hard like my dick. same taste on your lips. nigga said wax on wax off, wax on wax off, wax on....
Retiring Sheriff Mike Hennessey says Ross is the ONLY candidate who can carry on his legacy of progressive reform. Vote for Ross this Tues!
omg grace it's heaven. My all time favorite song is More Than This. ❤💜💙
please follow me <3
#IAmHappyWhen is following me but is he following me .No. Soo im not Happy :(
LET THE MARCH MADNESS BEGIN!!!
dangerously close to my home base. call me if you're down to keep drinking? will have to hit that keg asap.
The 2012 list is complete! To be unveiled soon... 101 new things to try in the upcoming year. Whee!
I love that the music @ Por Que No went from Johnny Cash to 2Pac to Zapp & Roger
I heard you!
Really mean. But made me laugh. RT Billy cundiff tried to hang himself after the game but couldn't kick the chair
thanks for RT.
yes! that's a more positive way of looking at it. My question: who the hell do they think will BUY it?
Mets are now 2-0. It is clear we are going to go wire-to-wire.
Great day developing relationships with camps and future camp counselors.
You would think money could make ppl classy smh
S/O and Happy Charter Day to the Nu Theta Chapter of Alpha Phi Alpha Fraternity, Inc. at Old Dominion University. 06!
How about Blackberry?
o "new media plumber" ROFL
RORY! RUN! RUN FAR! RUN FAR FROM THE PETE!
Back in Knoxville. I have a lot of work to do.
iPhone 4 red conversion parts are on the way!! Contact us if you want to have red iPhone 4!!
OK, Baltimore, the votes are in! We made an impressive showing today. No other campaign matched our energy!! Off to Creme Lounge, join us!
Yes! I long for the day when those tickers at the bottom of the TV screen can be turned on and off via remote.
oh really? but OF COURSE!!!
I'm not a parent (yet) but I still wouldn't bring my hypothetical baby to a bar. Apparently people do that.
RT : #cool!.... Easter was great! Hoe yoyrs was... good morning Deana! I'm gonna put Ace on my "followers" you ...
I miss my bestie!!!
Please don't follow me if you are against partying, because you're just going to waste both of our time.
Your body so perfect, its just right for me
say my name is def a grower!
I just gave u the silent treatment for 1 hr
Wow! What's your secret to winning? RT : Winning the name game two years in a row!
But what are "human values" in the novel, in the world? Lots of human cruelty & destruction out there among us all
my dad won't let me. I'm too young. and blah blah blah. next year, ill meet you there. (;
George Zimmerman bond hearing underway now in Sanford, FL. Live report from Florida now on the air.
Bill Hall (brewers paying him to be a Red Sox......... WOW go figure that one who's the small market here?
#smash tonight: I liked it, start to finish. Sue me.
So excited for you! Enjoy!!! Proud I you, too.
well, kid, you should listen to your copy editor!!! (not me)
oh. my. lanta. i agree. Where can i find one?! i think i'm coming to orange county tomorrow, just a heads up. txt me
Bourbon and cigars in the southern night.
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the celebration in Lexington!
agreed!!! “: Why do cloudy days make people drive so so slow?”
CONGRATZZZ! hope it went well!
I started off the day by walking into a huge spiderweb. I feel like I need a shower now.
Don't forget a sippy cup tomorrow.. ;)
Weird question but how do you get on a cosmetic company's list for that? I'd love to get press releases! TY.
AND ITS ON..GN
Silly boys.
The jacket my mom sent me smells like wood stove. The smell of home.
Is it just a game i dont know..
Note on Michael Whitmore's talk: engaging but impossible (for me at least) to reduce to tweets.
Robbie Cano don't you know!!!
I'll bring the spray paint and helmets. RT : You make a good point.
I'm so tan! I love you sun<3
yay!!:) <3 are Freddie and Sam gonna date this season?(:
Go insane. Go insane. Throw some glitter, make it rain.
Some folks are some big ass Philosophers on Twitter & Facebook but look dumb as hell & b quiet AF in real time
Feel pretty beaten after today's running training. Love it!!
im sorry i wasnt fun... and also i prefer corndogs over wieners
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
I'm glad I saw it with old-school fans too, so I could hear their positive reactions. I'd expected disgruntled booing, but no!
Who needs money? It is highly overrated!
How's the day treating you?
I will praise the name of the lord forever
Hilarious. “: Ozzie Guillen upon his return from suspension: 'I feel like the great OJ Simpson did when he made bail.'"
i swear as soon as a ring get put on my finger ! ima be the best wife ever!.
Rainy day in Tacoma. Definitely Washington weather.
“: If she owns a cat...beware. If she owns multiple cats...fucking run.”
Productive days are always the best :)
Proud to say I worked out 's rejected mock headline over a fine sushi dinner
I just want this week to end
better get your news caster to apologize!! There are some offended Indians fans over here!!
I wish those people would email me back about the cat.. ahh i want it so bad..
Almost certainly true. RT : Must be the only person in the world putting a goose to bed while wearing black tie.
"Love, peace and soul."
well let me know when u get it up & running so I can check u out...
Follow #MomInspired. Party starts in 30 minutes! Can't wait :)
Time for big banh theory
I am watching the "Grilled Cheesus" episode of Glee... Oh, how I love this show.
The problem with Bootstrap is you can totally tell what uses it, and while it looks good I am already bored with it.
he's quite the informer.
preach, sister.
I cannot accept that The Universe put us on this earth to be ordinary. We have a purpose to be here.
A little girl, asked where her home was, replied, "where mother is." ~Keith L. Brooks
i've only made 24 tweets total since december 2007. perhaps it's time.
That's right Pacers, make them work for it!
please shoot me a pix of you in the jumper...so I can see my handy work..lol
RT : In a world where corporations are people and pizza is a vegetable, pepper spray IS just essentially a food product....
Is it just me, or does Terry Dodson draw Doctor Strange like a dapper Freddie Mercury?
obvi. Find me when you get there!
There’s photoshop, make up, hair dye & plastic surgery. Too bad there’s nothing for your disgusting personality.
I hope that girl from Shaler didn't die. That's scary.
I tweet u waaaayyyyyyy too much . . OHWELL !
Lmao I bet he been waiting
Apparently now being a nice guy and being polite means NERD, GAY, LAME....WTF!!!!!!!!!!!
": What are your plans for this weekend?" Super exited to see in concert...in a hot pink mini dress & zebra leggings
see ya soon love. Are you coming to LA this weekend? If so, let's hang out.
thanks! Apologies for the off kilter photo
Good luck!!
Who was She-Ra today? Yep, that's me, sawing branches down by hand!
Totally dropped your name and got a free muffin out of the deal.
I need 5 people to follow they new to twitter but they are the pr for
Tressel had more than 13 yards passing I think
Ah this rain is crazy!
Happy 36th birthday, ! You don't look a day over a frail 93.
In the end we'll realize we would of made it in music by working together!Heartbreaking.
- Who cares? He'll never win an NBA title with that mentality.
oh hang in there, waiting is poetry, if you do it right
i miss you...
Thanks! always does a bang up job with the Hannah Vogel covers!
#10FactsAboutMe 8. I have testing next week 9. I live in Kentucky 10. I want to meet Austin. Hopefully he comes to KY some time!
Thanks to my beautiful wife I'm celebrating my birthday in true Wisconsin style with a brandy old fashioned and a fish fry. So happy.
Ladies night going down tonight y'all at Paraiso's...y'all beta get here...
Siri I said "Call home" Siri: Would you like me to call a hoe"
How about a photo gallery of what all the pro player tattoos look like when they turn 75-85...they might be a tad "out of focus"
Red? How about Black with a little pink neon? ;D
I hate when somebody over do they part...... Be you.... Str8 stuntn
2 expansion teams have been settled. They are making a run now at Notre Dame, then Cincinnati, then Maryland. They want 14.
This is lame.
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 33
I noticed the same thing yesterday and was curious. We live near 44th and France.
For sure, we've got new stuff coming very soon so look out for that
Today is the 2nd anniversary of my friend Greg Meyers passing. Greg is the example of the difference 1 person can make in your life!
Who cares? W€ W€re all born Dårker once. The universe lacked light. tHen, B°$$KÅ¥ $Hen de Zen, BOOM! †here was £iGHT!! #å=£ RT
I'm great.. what holiday is it in Germany?
#sopa is doing the worst thing to man.!
Good job!
Landed in LA - excited to hang out with Jess and Alli and eat some yummy Korean tacos!
My Saturday has consisted of napping, eatin junk food, & watchin non-stop Toddlers & Tiaras. It's all 's fault for leavin me 👎
Hot: Songs without whistling. Not: Songs with whistling.
Discuss how you invest time in employees to create development plans aligned with goals & future career aspirations.
Keep hating on Moss with your condescending remarks..maybe your old carcass will run a 5.0 40 in your dreams
I thought we were going down... Very jittery after Tohoku. :(
Hard at work on the NOVEMBER issue of ... Politics on the brain.
My brother doesn't know I'm home and he is currently singing his lungs out. It is cute and hilarious and well.. Really bad. 😌
Completely Acceptable. RT : . ... Totally share in your man crush for Don Draper!
who I havnt seen her..lol
At the panel at Write to Publish. Great discussion on independent transmedia.
The akward moment when ur buying wine & the cashier looks at ur Id and says first I was 22 that year and also my mom died on ur bday....
So, the AWP writer's conference is sold out. I'm pissed.
Hey :) What you still doin up mister!
Even if your interview is on the radio, visuals are a good idea. They instantly give the radio reporter something to see and talk about.
same.. i feel like fangirling :D
It feels like Spring b/c 1)I walked my dog wearing shorts 2) is on TV 3)The windows are open 4)March is tomorrow 5) I see the sun
ok me :*walking to the crunt with heath for are tag team* i cant wate to kick some butt heath
My nigg I'm still crackin up
The train conductor is talking in a fake British accent and the guy next to me looks like Harry Styles. I love New York.
Thanks! RT thank you for everything this semester! Definitely one of the top enjoyable classes/professors Ive had at tech.
Congrats to Barry Larkin on his election to the National Baseball Hall of Fame. An all time favorite of mine! Lets Go
#SXSW finds: #Alamo #Ritz no talking or tweeting in this theater but eat and drink the night away.
I'm at the #CARLconf2012 preconferences today down in San Diego.
I havent figured you out. I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes. So did breitbart.
what projects are you working on? Love your work!
i swear i love u mor and more eachdayyy
Man, r. Kelly pandora is the best to play in the bath tub <3 lol >;]
I gotta find some body I aint gotta compete for.......
I love annoying you, Mrs Christina Schmidt.
": Nice win for us in a tough environment last night."You was clutch at the end! Glad your last game there was victorious!
She's Canadian ????? haha why is this TT? o_O
6M: another turnover. Japan put into the scrum
Patrick Pistorio Named Camp Director for Elgin Chicago Bears Youth Football Camp - TribLocal
Aww, it's 3 hours difference! I think traffic is gonna SUCK on Sunday when we leave though. We're heading home around 10AM.
thank you very much!
My kind of woman.
#mahonefact Austin didn't write 11:11 by himself, it's written by a band, hasn't famous yet hehehe :)
So you are coming back to NY in 2012?? Please do!! I want to do it all over again.
aww :( and what type of dog?
I know. That's why I replied sarcastically.
excellent! Btw - passed through your stomping grounds yesterday.
*hangs her head in shame* Ive never seen it....I dnt watch much tv tho, I am always working/writing on laptop.
DON'T JINX IT
"Every boy needs a man IN HIS FACE(constantly) challenging him with wisdom regarding critical issues &decisions in his life."
#Fundraising kiss of death: A #donor who tells u s/he is just not that interested in what your org is doing.
There was a bakery in Greenwich Village. Started with C. Famous. Best cannolis in the whole wide world. Closed now. Remember the name?
Watch a Demo. Win a Kindle! Stop by Wadsworth booth 101 to watch a demo and enter to win!
what about more of a landing page just for the tutorials and q&a with deets on hands-on.
Strawberry and white chocolate smoothies r amazing!
Why do teachers assume the Mom always packs lunches, snacks, treats, etc.? Sub told me to thank my wife for the good snack.
Oh and by the way, YOU'RE WELCOME FOR ME BEING SO FUCKING NICE. Way to take advantage of.
....so far its an epic fail lol
: Congrats to our client for being selected as an IMPACT Award Finalist!
I won Mini Supreme at AUE Nationals..which is huge!! That is one of my most favorate pageants.
Need to go shopping and buy Ray Bans and summer clothes, literally have none..
sounds good, i'll DM you :)
Manicotti, garlic bread, salad, & small drink for $7+tax makes a great dinner special!
Great meeting with Nai'vasha Intl today! Love the looks for the show based on 2012-2013 trends.
When in doubt, bring up a US open cup victory. Classic.
I'm on teamfuturedilf, now what? Should we scrap?
Nice to tweet you! Gotta love the #beagles!!
My DREAM is For You to Follow ,iHelped you with your dreams Not Make mine Come Truue <3
In the end it'll all pay off. Determination is my dedication.
LIFE Church :)
yeah it is
no not at all it just isnt cheer at all!
"I'm not sure that out gays anal"
The significant problems we have cannot be solved at the same level of thinking with which we created them. Albert Einstein 1879 - 1955
We got two pieces that were NOT created to GO together...
m I wanna watch that!!
Finally finally have my car back.
what about texas!!
Oh, word, Drexel library? Y'all don't enjoy my impassioned grooving to this neo-soul? That's what those stares mean? Okay.
since you homeschooled....do you still take TAKS?(:
I do my kids a big disservice if I shield them from adversity. Sorry kiddo's lol
BEST show ever!
it's an ass girl
I am ur biggest fan and btw congragultions on the 10 mil follows
Having a great time at #sla2011. Stop by our booth 306 for a special conference discount!
Winning swag sheen !
For some reason, my humpback whale Wednesday afternoon is going very, very slowly.
do you remeber that guy that was dancing at warped tour?!?!
Thanks for the info, I'll check them out! cc
im about to get on my terpsy ab workout shit it be having my abs right deadass
Latin night legooo!!!
RT : Excited to watch the #Mizzou football game today, then listen to the game<-- Isn't our kicker awesome?!
An early #ff for Gillie and Blue Moon Lighting. Follow if you like awesomeness.
hey just got my cast off, so im pretty ICONic today. How are you? please follow me?(: 3
Thanks for RT'ing the message!
Every time I see Dan Marino, I can't help but think of Ace Ventura Pet Detective!
It is expected. Tell her to make you some egg rolls or something.
The lightening and thunder tonight over Austin are amazing! Loving all this rain.
Cheers to Wednesday! Busy day so far with calls! Baltimore event photography this evening and excited to be on the move.
Frozen gyoza win.
& im hungry... oh yeah attitude fashoo
just think what we could do if we were working together again. Oh the possibilities.
My body's sleep schedule is way off! I think I've turned into some kind of zombie!
My body hurts. :(
The Vectors Workshop may cancel today without someone getting on the coffee "situation."
I couldn't agree more! What happened to this week that it's already #followfriday?! Hope you at least have a good weekend!
i'm the laziest person ever.. whenever i drop a pencil, i never pick it up... i just look at it and keep on going.. 😞😔
yes we need to make plans!!
More rain in Chicago. Make it stop.......
yeah really, it's like a red flag to NOT listen to them
So where's the 5 o'clock happy hr near convention center? Won't make it to newseum, but can probably afford a quick drink b4 LOY event
Dump trucks are crushing personal property; media is barred from area; protestors hit with batons, digital media confiscated..
I miss you too! College Alegbra is kicking my butt...think I failed my last test! AH! Let's! :D
Thank YOU Rob!
congrats!! That's so exciting!! Sounds like you felt good about it too!
yo just bring my tshirt down the studio
Anyone know a website I can stream the game from? Please help me!
Lumpy's Burgers...OK, this is interesting just to order. I hope the food is good.
Lot of 100 Old School House Techno Dance 12" Vinyl Records will be posted at 6:30 PST Tonight Check out title list when you get a chance
One more conference call.
From : No matter how much you try, you can’t stop people from sticking beans up their nose.
After the interview, write a thank-you note! Escalante
It's raining, it's pouring...
do it! "spicy sauerkraut." My kimchee got a thumbs up from Korean friend, so feelin good.
So far there is a report of an individuals roof being blown off on Leestown Rd. Also a car wreck or two. Should probably avoid the area.
I feel Like im the only person hasn't noticed. Im staying strong, always gotta #BELIEVE ... #Someday #NSN <33
Creepy doctors<<<<
must be DC...
where them fine ass hoes at haha
Yes I am. (I know that haha, it was clever)
wait which one?!
ahh i see! I thought you were getting those in indiana too!?
": That's nuts about #DCMetro !" Another reason I stay far away from the metro...and the tracks!
Digging the ZipCar scene. Very convenient so far.
Not even 1 time in 25 years has any pt. ingested their whitening gel. Us Humans are so smart, we won't swallow it LOL
Develop a hook to a #facebook or #mobile app for user adoption, then combine profile data with shopping data to send the message they want.
Yo one of my nikkas from fitness 19 works at the gnc now! Discounts everytime!
RT : Eyes peeled people! RT : Arcade Fire fans might want stick around in Austin after SXSW this year......
If you can't love me when I am worst then truly you do not deserve me at my best
that's what I like to hear, i'll bring the tequila!
Great! Let me know who you are on your order, and I'll do something special for you.
Yeah bro, til Tuesday RT : you in the dmv?
Country Grammar playing on #iheartradio. Must resist urge to dance on the cta. #STLproblems meets
The hard part of enterpreneurship is implementation. Everyone talks about the same ideas. Success is implementing those ideas
Sounds like you will be in a fun place. Is that for work or vacation. Thanks for the kind words. I hope to be back next year.
Thinking about going to the Gym burns 0 Calories!
Actor picks an objective to show a certain feeling.
#TheVoice ends tonight. Now I need a new competition obsession. Maybe life?
Some of those are news choppers. They probably get good overtime, too.
A little bit more shopping today my friends
happy pink bat day!!! Go get
Heading to Vgrill Sunset shortly!!! Excited for new menu items :D
You can tell me anything. I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything.
is with In NYC getting ready to hit the stage off Broadway with The Punany Poets; 2 shows tonight !
I hear you on the memory thing. Mine isn't the best either. But hey we try, right?
Hahahahaha! You are awesome.
Hi! Great to see you here on Twitter.
Thomas Lux: The Reader was very patient with me. I had no idea how to write non-fiction.
Fuck jobs. Except blow jobs.
i have a slant about the loan modification co's clsing in LV that increased unnecessary foreclosures. call me 503-869-2688
Another dank day in Las Vegas
"No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders- if they see themselves as having no choice but to build pyramids."
Because those who weren't abused do not want to OPEN their eyes to the afflictions and torture of those of us who were.
#YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything
Up early fina go get my dl should have been done it
still writing my essay. lol, whats #sleep?
YMCMB double M we rich forever
I know, it was a joke that the SI reporter tweeted, at least I think it was, he played pretty awesome considering pressure and drops
Today couldnt have ended any better(:
That means we beat you guys! haha. Did you play that game?
Just keep it close to halftime, we can regroup and execute new game plan in 2nd half.
Having a good day and you walk into your chemistry class and your mood totally changes
This movie sucks
About to set up at the WH BrewFest... Come out and see me in VIP!
shit i cant tell, i thought u retired like mase
band practice today, we have 2 songs we're gonna work on that aren't on our new album, not sure if its a good thing or not ... ; )
Can you believe Jenifer hudson? So gorgeous ...
One month with my beautiful girl<3
behind all the cuts and the tattoos and the scars, she does have a story and she has a reason for doing what she does
Its easy to understand why everybody wanna rap bc all we hear is money, ballin,fuckin hoes nobodys rappin bout other realistic shit SMH
What a game! #BBN!
I still need to buy tickets for opening day #Dbacks :)
I just wanted to spread you some of my knowledge, since it's clear you don't know much football.
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
Arab World On Fire For Democracy!
Chicago: Thank you for honoring my temperature related request previously submitted in March. It truly feels good wearing only one layer.
The road to success is always under construction. - Lily Tomlin
we bout to take it to the next level
greatest fucking country on earth
Would love to read more about your motherhood journey Both to debunk myths re:Black fams and...
Creepily face timing people in the next room😱
Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?
done c:
(I didn't mean to thank goodness like that, but hey, why not. Thank you, goodness!)
When a girl tweets right after you did, And you know her tweet is about you.
Protesting Even!
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." - St. Augustine
Well done, well done.
#France is sending 600 liters of serums, 600 pain treatment kits and 200 burn treatment kits to victims of #Honduras #prison fire
unfortunately we don't have it on right now. Keep your eyes and ears open for it in the fall.sorry!
This is painful
But, the Ron Sexsmith movie just won a #sxsw film award! That's something, right?
are you in the U.S.? Because it looks like it's ok on my end, but there are geographic restrictions sometimes.
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend. A #Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
Nice! RT "If what you did yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today."
my shoulder still hurts. Gonna take more than sorry for that one
fantastic to read!
Party time? Cover the 5 senses: Does it look good, smell good, sound good, taste good, & feel good? If yes to all 5, you’re doing it right!
your the pen and im the paper. lets connect.
sure did lol
Anyone else sick of the "hello somebody is saying very bad rumors about you" messages?
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal
Will do!
i don't that's going to work..haha. i'll try. i miss everyone already!
Um, looks ah-mazing tonight at the #oscars. Love the hair!
Rice with the weekly double…2 wins, two CUSA weekly awards. Player of the Week to #AK14 and Frosh of the Week to Ahmad Ibrahim. Congrats!
I strongly believe Manu can see the future.
With mushrooms?
Thats how you respect such a great guy
RT : Welcome back to town, #Badgers. We're psyched for tomorrow's semester lift-off! Going to be a big day.
Nice work from to end it. #Brewers win 6-5.
what would we do without them in our lives?? . . . live happy!! :)
he *clearly* has very good taste!
babies are always acting like rich people.
Hey Kobe and MJ would have swished it...
I spent the evening in reading, writing, and thinking
I should get a BMW motorcycle!
Wowzers. Maybe they were telling you what to order at Moe's. You have the option of a Homewrecker or the Homewrecker Jr.
We said spending was up but also gave the facts in other key areas. Just trying to report the news not take sides.
I think it's snobby, but if you notice... I fit that description. Probably better to make your decision based on recent tweets
is on the phone with prospects and media this week. He's ballin! NI style. Be there before they serve dranks!
Why do these dudes look like ghost on Monday Night countdown? Somebody needs to be fired tomorrow.
I love my twitter followers, please follow my other twitter page Expo now accepting vendors models educators and more
Love that you and the family are visiting a children's museum. Got to love it when learning is so much fun!
What do you think racetweeps? RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for Tues. What's best thing an #IndyCar fan could win?
sorry to miss out on #GCBC5 - have a blast!
whoever t old school brotha wants lol would have given anything in the world 2 play a coach like him
RT : Wait, cut off my mic? Seriously? RT : ...it's funny, cus, you were on mute.....yeah
Think ima take a weekend off n head to the beach
Playing cod.
Anyone else see & yesterday? Come by the booth ad check out the new line. It's tight.
Happy Hump Day! Rocks-Off is at the Castle today working with our associate on product training. 2 giveaways later today.
I salute you dude
Laugh my ass off!!
filling in. Tomorrow is my last day.. Even though my body will finally be sort of ready for it finally :/
reality is a lie.
“: Make Me Famous NEW V-NECK SHIRT merch. YES or NO? :)” FUCK YES V's ARE THE GREATEST ATTIRE EVER.
Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket.
You know that uneasy feeling when you have a lizard lost in your house? I have it. Right now.
GOOD LUCK, Emily!!! You've got this. :)
S/O to the homie doing his thing!!
Bills have two of the top 3 draft picks in 06 with Vince Young and Mario Williams
"Giving is very important BUT receiving is also equally important"
awww thank you :D
I'm writing a fanfic! RT to be Zayn's girlfriend. Favorite to be Zayn's bestfriend! (must be following me)
AWESOME service! Surprising food!! Delicious.
waiting until you do *less* travelling . . . seems counterintuitive
have to watch this when I get home.
All I need is a carmel frappé!! is that too much to ask for!????
drop them some knowledge on them on how to win a BCS bowl game. We gotta end the streak!
RT : what chu talkin about? That beautiful body u have
I would like to add the words "Warrior" "Caged" "Fury" and "Glory" to the title please.
God help us all!
Congratulations! They're lucky to have you!
Looks like work is letting out. Beer Garden is filling up fast. Come kick back and relax. It's beer time!
Chilling some bubbles but first must survive kids soccer game in the rain late afternoon.
welcome back, hope the glitter ball fills you with disco joy!
bricks! there is the 4th qtr james we know and love
Cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop....MCA come and rock the Sure Shot" #beastieboys #ripmca this whole thing makes me sad.
.: "Don't let a crisis drive your tempo."
Attending session "Gamify and socialize: Beyond the Buzzwords." Brad Stone interviewing Bing Gordon
I slammed all in yo girl pussy...blake griffin
LMFAO IM BEHIND AH TRUCK THT SAYS HARPO FENCING.
I like to pull her hair while she bent over wit one leg up on da table ( ;
Way too hot at the fair today!
Special #ff <--Knows just what to say to make you laugh and to make your day! :-)
GO KAREN! --- But I'm sure there's more to this story... stay tuned!
Thanks Mark! WE LOVE YOU!!! Miss you and see you son ;) RT : Hope the tour is rockin socks off. Love you all.
I think we have a winner....
Imagine Brandon Lil dread hanging Out Of A Milk Carton Lmao
Geeks rule the world. Don't forget it.
yes, seems we have! You've also exploded (made a child, not bang) since I was last in Wales. I want to visit! Miss you!
RT : Damn it Twitter, i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!!! ««
damn i want that
Vote for your fav restaurant; ballot enters you into a SD HOME GARDEN FACEBOOK drawing for $100 gift certificates
We're officially hungry. Bring on the grilled cheese coma...this list is delicious!
Ain't that the truth, Brooke. And you know what's awesome about this semester? StudyBlue is at the tutor booth.
also your use of that phrase makes you retro-hip.
just living life to the fullest at all times...what else is there to do for real
hurry up dying of boredom here
..sex parties with girls who called him "Papi," he explained: "I work hard and, in the evening, I need to unwind."WSJ on Silvio Berlusconi.
Working on A/V to project of 's skype talk from the perspective of UChicago ethnomusicologist who did fieldwork in
It's beautiful weather to run this time of year, that's for sure.
Its a beautiful day here at the bus stop in cherry creek. Still I am having visions Dark City. Shell Beach or bust.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much ~ Helen Keller
Ugh, no much to do, so little time, and not near enough energy!
Greetings Ms. King! Is there an email address in which you can be contacted? Thank you!
If I am going to be a Christ follower I must become more prodigal
Doughboys will be there for sure!!
I just woke up craving some
Home is wherever I'm with you.
AJBombers Twitter TV getting some behind the scenes upgrades!
RT: Why do the weekends always go by so fast and the weekdays so slow? <<Yes, it is a cruel trick!
how are u
is paralyzed from eating a big plate of nachos
you better! :) I'm so excited to go!!!
#Kentucky's scouting report on OSU - "Try not to lose by more 20."
Seriously exhausted. Don't wanna work tomorrow.
Michele Bachman: "No!" means "No!". And "submission" means submission. Look it up. It does not mean "respect".
Not moved on since that Pamela Anderson crush aged 14? Hurry! On average people fall in love 7 times before marriage!
HAHAH all I can say is, belle must have magical powers. Did he get her hogwarts letter yet?
I hope this summer will beat all of my past summers. :) I have a really good feeling it will.
follow me back please?
I don't get out till 530-6
im fenna take my clothes off & let the cold air hit my body. That should make me feel a lil better...
‎5 year olds prayer..."and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."
.RT: : how can i make my resume stand out to recruiters?
When I became CEO I told you Apple would still take risks just as we did under Steve. So I've put all $100b on 'red'! Let it roll!
President Obama choppering to Clooney's house in Studio City.
Did the subject of the photo have nice baps?
Thank you! It's an honor to be listed among such lovely ladies!
Discussing that right now actually...
good meeting w/ they running a full page ad in issue
you gotta get people hype to that ray jr. m.g.k I know Video caught it the other day it was
show confirmed for July 19th at beauty bar Austin w/ businessman
I wish you reminded me of this 8 weeks ago! ;)
So...where are the gummy bears?!?!
a night in my bedroom with my saxophone
funny how real life (or work life) gets in the way of us having fun. next time. def!!!! how are you?
RT best event title at MLA? Mon, 5:51 pm: Cash Bar Arranged by the Marxist Literary Group
Loving those new kits, though. #USMNT RT : Evidently, commercials > national anthems
OPERATION REIFICATION begins tomorrow.
RT Character is just as important as talent in the locker room....ya heard?
shut up, you talkk too much!
A Rhianna song, then 5 seconds of her + Chris Martin, then a Coldplay song does NOT equal a groundbreaking collaborative Grammy performance.
Get your Zumba-on this Sunday with La’Tinas Dance & Fitness Studio, as part of the Maui Dance Day Preview. Presented by Hollywood Theaters.
this app cost $2 lol is it worth it?
I overheard my 5 year old daughter telling someone that her earrings were made out of carrot gold.
ATTN STUDENTS! To start Winter Qtr out right, you can get the classic waffle for only $1, now until Friday at the U district location.
#Partitions look beautiful along with steely framework and marvelously portray your back and
Don't understand why 911 call from day when student jumped from rear of bus is news. Who wants to hear that?
Congratulations on receiving a job offer!
Did Obama really have him some DOG for lunch? I would never do that! Unless Bojangles served it - then I might TRY it
Costume Party tonight at The Spot. DJ Thump at 9. Come and be seen.
Late Walmart run
We're wishing for the cure too!! Good Luck!! :)
It wouldn't exactly be fair if you were smart, awesome AND eminently likeable, now would it?
5th graders seem to agree, art museum tours are boring. Tey speak from experience, they've been on ten tours since Kindergarten.
good meeting you yesterday. I was the one helping with wristbands at hotel
Hey guys. I'm just sitting here secretly obsessing over Nick Jonas. ;)
Sweet new setup! Looks very professional. Looking forward to seeing some more liquor reviews.
bout to watch my bulls , idk i just dont have a good feeling about my team no mo
Ugh sick... And being forced to go to school
where you going ?
I love you Justin!
My allergies are much better today than yesterday, thank goodness :)
"On October 3rd he asked me what day it was...It's October 3rd :)"
Do you have something against PPC?
#CelebrityWhispers your balls are showing
its sad how much we rely on brand names when we buy things. Idk about you, but I choose the best, not the most recognizable..
"Tech skills every organizer should know." --getting started for my last day at
Bummer about Andy Rooney, but at least he made it to a gripe old age.
“: Weird & awkward!” Martina and Pat did a great job on the song and I am happy for the newlyweds...but weird.
you guys help me realize the things i see and feel are not make believe and i'm not just crazy thank you GA! :D
Hosting in OR. How might we collaborate?
WineDisco Chicago has NS Gin #6, #11, will soon have Sol! We love North Shore!
tonight anyway if you want to know what it is you're going to get the answer
CHECKOUT THIS VIDEO .AN AMAZING RAPPER ON YOUTUBE Above The Natural-she left me too HES PROVES THAT A DREAM ISN'T IMPOSSIBLE CHECK IT OUT!!
RT I hope she looks like you, I hope she fights like me, and stands up for the innocent and the weak. -Tim McGraw
Y get n a relationship n do shit single ppl do?
I need a ceiling fan! It makes sleeping so much more enjoyable
how about them #BRUINS...#GAME7 HERE WE COME!!
This Wednesday night Steve Dushocki is Burbank with many funny comics 7:30.
If you liked 's presentation last night (we did!), let us know. We're always looking for feedback and suggestions!
Union Solidarity Now
We'll see who is the Dem nominee for gov in NC's primary which is only two weeks from tomorrow! Unless I decided to suspend it
I think you'll get a login when reg table opens up, I think.
I never break our or get pimples thank god.
Want to try a new cabin cocktail try the Ginger Screwdriver. An alternative to a bloody mary.. it's the new morning cocktail!
Judge asks #Huguely defense for a doctor's note about illness causing delays.
for school???
Someone needs to escort this guy...yes you in the pink dress shirt...back to his hotel. Too much alcohol
"if u can't feed yur baby!Then don't have a baby!!!l
well, the lecture is really boring, and then there's a physics midterm today and everyone is busy last-minute studying.
gotcha! Ok thanks!
You punking me out?? Hm??
are you related to Al Ries the author/marketer? An attendee asked. :)
It's Festivus Eve.....the suspense is killing me.
“: "Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water." ~W. C. Fields”
ORIOLES MAGIC......FEEL IT HAPPEN!!!
“: ": Aww quit crying #BasketballWives" she need to grow some balls” lmao for real tho she better learn to speak up
Black Coop White Top....#KungFuPandaBear!
for life... i have a headache... for life... i have a headache... nope t not as fun w/out Bamryn
The name Quang Luu sounds like sound Little Richard would make
Vacation starts NOW!!!
Please keep tweeting and RTing tweets about ! Every post counts!
(James Russell Lowell) Greatly begin! Though thou has time but for a line, be that sublime, not failure, but low aim is crime.
COOL CARGO SHORTS
I feel ya.
Ugh he always takes 5 millon years to get dressed, he's worse than me !
Hello friend :)
I'm not in NY! But a Skype convo would be great - let me do some research so I have a good set of questions? Thanks so much!!
Thanks, Sweetie! Happy New Year too!
Sure, absolutely! Chris or his publicist should get in contact with us at :)
Minnesota: The Helping Teams. Gosh, we are just so nice.
Thanks for the S/O
.Aw that's so special...miss u and love u
RT : Shout out to the GA POWER HOUSE CATCH HIM 2NITE ON 10PM
The soy candles are selling great. Someone bought all my Gingerbread candles 12 total. Have to make more of them, Nice lady.
damn :( me and jas are going to bsu Saturday .
I love how the other day at school I went up to emillie in PE, and whispered "I get it in" in her ear.. haha that song was stuck in my head!
Ah, thanks!!
#4famouswords Baby I miss you
Watching waiting to exhale
I love to dance
On the contrary, he very clearly referenced the Greece-Turkey population swaps as a possible example for I/P.
I suspect since I loved the #Common #Law pilot, that it will die after one season. :(
^^i can't speak indonesian..umm ok i will try it
wish I was there to watch tv with u :-)
#ThingsHigherThanZimmermansBond the foreclosure around the country! -_-
RT: Who inspires you this Women's History Month? #womenweadmire My mom
You'll have to check the Lava cake at the Charthouse next time you are in Portland and especially the view.
brewing up the next project...
Hey college girl. Always surprised to see attractive women following me. I'm curious how you found me. Care to share?
what did you get? i always get double steak chicken and beef with double of everything on it, and then with chips and a drink
still like whoa she knew that song B4 I showed it to her wow Your welcome) that's the 2nd time I've made your day the last time
For those of you just joining us, grab a free download of our album at www.blasesplee.com and enjoy
Big shout out to Kunis Brothers Mortuary. Last night was da embalm!!
In those final days before pushing publish on a newly completed finding aid. Lots to do...
sweet bro, can I take them off with my teeth
And doing it in Arnie's house. Pretty cool. Anybody got anything else going on Masters Sunday now?
Sometimes I get REALLY tired of unpacking and packing. #leavingagaintomorrow :(
i just astonished myself
I know an arm double in that movie so I have to see it and find her haha :)
when is it going to be 5?
Thank you to all of our supporters! Signing the contract tomorrow! Hard work pays off! TPC 4L!
My new cousin is on the way!! :)
Slothfulness continues post Mexico but I have legit excuse day after shoulder surgery. Moms riccota cheesecake, Frontline, oxy +
Not too late to join #scicon! We will be streaming live with Reed Timmer at 2pm! To register visit : Links.DiscoveryEducation.com/SCIcon
I love the White House Correspondent's Dinner speeches. Always hilarious.
I AM UP AND CAN'T SLEEP AND I AM BORED AS HELL WATCHING BONES
Seriously tho, as long as you have tight hole, I could care less about anything else. I have a good imagination.
That's great!
Up 6 at halftime. I'll take that.
Yeah. Definitely. Kickstarter is a lot of work. We have a whole team of people working on the campaign.
everything about today is annoying me
Starting the drive to Let's see if I remember how to get there...
Give me Tevez, Silva, and Johnson anyday and bring out Richards in Defense
Thanks to recent rain the City of Madison has lifted it's burn ban but urges people to be careful with the high winds
did you guys know that Ryan Johnson is here for the Super Bowl, I can hardly contain myself!!!!
Thanks so much - I'm hoping it will help a lot of parents out there to know how to get help for their kids.
Hate this but so true RT : Tim duncan might be the best power forward of all time!
Thanks. I'm not too sure about anything recent. Takes a while for me to decide, but I put it up there anyway. :-)
Thanks! I will!
I have a 10 passenger Chrysler 300 available for tomorrow night our rate is $65/hour and includes a bottle of champagne
How bad does Jimmy Johnson need cash if he is doing commercials for extenze
Feeling like you wise Truth be told, it’s all lies These the days of our lives Why you wasting all of your time?
Tanya Youtube is a whore, and no one should associate with her.
That last shot is my favorite, Iain. Well done. I enjoy long exposures at nightbfot the same reasons.
you think? I had to polish some 100 year old guys teeth today that had month old lunch on his teeth!! Literally 100 born 1912!
oh cute.
i don't wanna be sick anymore!!! :'( i feel horrible....
Taylor's car makes me nauseous.
we hanging tonight!!! dj Larry on the track spittin the hottest shit since Tabasco 🔥
What did I even spend $20 on tonight?
#y2j is back
ready for ! Then big calorie burn tmrw! You're gonna kick major hiney!! I'll be trailing behind
Your that punk bitch Danny!! #workaholics<3
well that's always an option?.... A sick option but its an option ha! videos are on Fuse if you have that channel
Please follow me <333333
did you buy a TV or something and need to see if it fits into a wall unit?
Woot!!! :-) RT : Used 's Artic Questions app today...my student loved it! So fun! Well done, Erik.
I will look into BitKinex if I can't resolve this We narrowed problem to either a bad data issue or a too much data issue
Thanks Militant!
Thank u Vannah...I can't wait to see u...
Thank you
haha hell yes :-)
is getting there....
I'd rather be a Clippers fan, than a spurs fan. Spurs are boring as fuck, and keep winning. Clippers tho... Fun as fuck to watch.
That couple you see and everyone's like "wtf"!
Finishing up the new site for Mile Deep Films! It should launch by next weekend.
thanks 4.being a fan
The smell of after rain
it cool!
Thank you God. <3
Using a #hashtag in my text to my mom knowing she is gonna be like whats that.
What's everyone doing this weekend? If you get a chance, stop by for some coffee while you're out. We would love to see you!
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile! :D i LOVE you
All I wanted was some sun not a heat wave.
Ron Paul will bring troops home, save trillions$$. Maybe we can use that money to balance the budget.
why hey gorgeous how r u
I want Justin Bieber's Someday perfume
Good Luck to all the startups presenting at the #TechStars Boston demo day TODAY!
Think twice before burdening a friend with a secret. -Marlene Dietrich
Thanks for continuing the conversation! It ended up being quite a lively thread. Many great links & references.
I do miss u ugly... I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
What are you waiting for? Come to Saratoga Downtown Farmers Market! The #ahi and #salmon is ready and fresh! Let's Go!!!
naw you feel like a moose
dammit, bitters, bitters! ...I need a vacation.
Did you know... March is Women's History Month!! Only 2 more days...
Is your pet's arthritis worse on damp days like today? If so - she may suffer from a damp bi syndrome... We have many treatments for this!
Have a great weekend everyone : )
This is not corruption in the legal sense, but a corruption of what the Constitution intended.
Depressed? How are you standing? "Worst thing is [to] straighten up & hold your head high because you'll start to feel better.”Charlie Brown
So pissed off at verizon right now...
I mean, I'm clearly tired.
#sxsw trend: panelists spend a good 5 minutes talking about how they hate a catchphrase in their own panel titles.. #really?
Find God. Put/Keep him First and keep it moving. Then you can't be touched.
I saw a werewolf drinking a piña colada at Trader Vic's, his hair was perfect!
no doubt
Hahahahahaha!!!!! That wa the funniest shit!!
Great post. I love that u wrote about the importance of designing your life. It's not easy figuring out who u want to be today.
Fittin ta clean my room -_____-
haha i liked your facebook comment and then immediate delete..coincidently I did have another interview today
Nothing's finah than the incomparable Dinah Washington. Easing my way into this week...
What is it about the woman you love just making you ache when things are out of whack? It's like us men ard puppets. Man, I love her!
Thanks for the support up there in NY! Shine responsibly!
35 minutes of Tebow. Monday just got a little better =) Back to work....
Love is ridiculous :)
yeah man god willing ad thanks for asking
going to look now
I love u so much!! ur my hero and inspiration <3 Please come back to VA ASAP!!! Its my dream to meet u!!
great auction last night...thanks ABQ community for supporting us!
Will be calling u within a few days. Happy New Year!
#pretty_little_liars r u ready to see the real me bitches? -A
Everyone has the most self confident twitter names lol
Follow back?
Thanks, I'm pretty sure it will be an enjoyable event but unfortunately out of town for the weekend. Inform me on next event.
Leave your mark at next Sunday's #NorthPark Festival of Arts by signing the book of art! It’s 8 ft. tall & full of artwork!...
I helped someone today and immediately questioned why I bother.
Niggas need to learn hoe to keep dry hoes in check damn u aint even main & act in crazy
Woke up at 7 a.m. today and have been busy ever since doing responsible stuff. It's like I'm a regular adult.
I would like to see the outcome! I'm just saying,.
Omw to the hospital with these ballloooonnnss (: & a big ol' teddy bear for abuelita LUZ <3
realized about 2 minutes after the service ended that she totally forgot to include the Father's Day prayer.
How much would a Kickstarter for a new season of The West Wing raise? Is "jillion" a real number?
Shaq being a doctor is too funny to me. But good for him
I know! But then again he might wanna keep it to himself for awhile.
i just feel really uncomfortable right.
Thanks for the support !!! Album is dropping around Aug 10th, very excited!!
lol, truetrue. I'm so glad I'm not in school anymore. C:
Incredible opening to #AribaLIVE, Bob Calderoni discussing the #networkedeconomy & similar benefits of personal & business commerce networks
MT : 6 of us old-timers went 2Post-office to-day. Postmaster Yost had no beer, so we made a motion to adjourn in disgust.IN1873
Is there a difference between #NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman and a doll stripped of all its guts?
I always answer "no" to Hulu's "Is this ad relevant to you?" question in hopes that they will stop playing ads.
HP admits that #webOS kernel was never previously open source, despite you HP-niks having claimed it was open.
looks like a fast track tonight! There on it!!
I know where you were and who you were with last night. It was very funny and very sweet. ☺😘
You can't say "long hair don't care" because when you remove the weave, you have no hair. thought of you;)
oh shut up ryan!!! lol
I wanna plant a forest tomorrow! But, Mr. Kearns hates me, so hollllllla.
oh I rock it nice
4/20.... Bout to go get my nails did, hair did, everything did! 💋
There is happiness when each moment is used in a worthwhile way. Happiness is such nourishment that it can transform a person from weak into
Happy Christmas eve 
that shoe is insane.
RT : You're #awesome. Just needed to say that!
B4 I Die I Will Record Wit Noble N EDI.
Looking for a unique vintage look??? Try 16 Stone Vintage. Based in NYC
yes what? Let me get that number and that proof you've been putting my money to work.
just so so had a death in the family
We are none some of the best just some of the producers
: Just made 100 bucks for floor mats!
Bring an ID to the NE corner of LSP(near the Members' Club entrance) to claim your ticket. You can get a membership card in line.
Church was good this morning and I had a good nap afterward
RT : Shouts out 2 everybody that's on my EP especially and ...
To all of our fans & followers who celebrate, have a very Happy Hanukkah!
Before finals & the holidays sweep up your time - start considering studying abroad through SCT! Dublin & London Summer & London Fall 2010!
Sure, that's the spirit! :) RT : If it doesn't kill me, it will make me stronger, right?
Alfred De Musset~ Well talk without listening to each other that is the best way to get along.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to seeing more great posts on the blog.
White Hummer. Grey SUV's. Khakis' Blue Blazers. Earbuds. Construction on western tracks of EL loop.
Dumb Ass Broads .
stay out of my account please
If lakers win this game.. Its a miracle
doesn't look like anytime soon. Best bet if you wanna put this out is to tweak the vid to fit the original recording
So excited I get to see my Bestie this weekend!!!!!
Congrats! Were your expectations too high?
@ gym till i hit 800 cals
be yourself.......than you gonna change the world!!!se vos......nomas que al mundo cambiaras...
is postig to facebook via twitter
Ira Glass has an eerily similar speech cadence to William Shatner.
we only got one more day of testing
hey, you are welcome
anyone have a blue pen they can teleport to me? lol..
Apparently we're ordering Mayweather/Cotto in the hope that Floyd loses. This seems like a fruitless & expensive endeavor.
Back from boating weekend in Coronado. Ck out Loew's Resort's pet-friendly policies: Our boating cats loved the marina!
it's damn near twitter stalking
So my brother(he's 20) decides to wake me up, cause I fed his cat! And starts cussing me out . Then is immature and takes my iPad ! Okay ?
no Aaron no -_-
We also got another song off the EP next week on our myspace so keep on checkin back!
My heart is aching for Point Dume. Late tomorrow afternoon? I'll check the tide sched.
how exciting! We are in Memphis, TN. Still rocking hard blasting some
RT The admin has been willing to roll over on various women's rights issues since 08--just bec liberals in office, no guarantee.
Today was pretty great, but now I'm studying for my finals on Tuesday :'(
my mom just pisses me off!!
Its said that bad memories cause the most pain, but actually it's the good ones that drive you insane
I can't believe it school is closed tomorrow well at least for me I am so happy :)
That's the best thing you could come up with?
No school for me
unfollow all that do not follow me so if you were un-followed you know why.....
just wanted to tell u your pic is fire
If you're starting a new religion, you should pick a logo that will work as the I in Coexist. Big opportunity for brand penetration there.
i know my mom is mean
ahahahaa i need to heard that!!!!!!
The lady that normally gets 8 espresso shots in her drink only got 7 today. Baby steps, I suppose.
why much better?
If the toddler in the cafe in which we're eating doesn't STFU, I WILL go tell her Santa's a hoax, taxes will KILL her & she's unattractive.
Playing "take my love" with Awesome.
I'm officially one of those crazy dog people. I go to the dog park once a day, I talk to my dogs every minute & I swear they know about what
feeding my family so I hope not :)
Only 25 more likes to go! Share this page with your friends, and help us reach 2000 by tomorrow!
So all of a sudden you "hate her" lol does me talking to her have something to do with that?.
OH YEAH!!! DAMN I FORGIT SORRY !!!
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY! Woop Woop! We are all very excited over here at BCT!
"when and where playa?"
This game is ridiculous so far. Love it.
Feeling lonely? Put a turtleneck on and youll feel like someone's hugging you al day long ☺
it only should show when you are clicked onto a timeline post so no-worries
Everyone please call 1-855-864-2303 to vote for Michigan native Tony Lucca () so he wins The Voice. He is amazing!
Glad yall are getting some fun and sun!
Let's make the best of tonight, here Comes the rest of our lives
2 hours till tonights 4 games, have you picked against yet? there is still time get your selections in asap.
Today is going to be a good day!
RAID is so 2002. TO THE CLOUD!(tm)
* don't ... Stupid text, lol
The updates have certainly been short enough to fit into a single Tweet.
The fog is back. Summer is coming.
Meeting with #rob... Makin a hit!
prereq. Arm strgth & acc. Only thing against him was youth and inexp. Top notch intangibles = will reach pot.
Sunny ass day. Wasting it by sleeping in bed..... Im soo lazy!!
call me 2104203577
Sitting in the greenroom and I hear someone, on stage, start singing the lyrics from YMCA. Gotta love the theatre!
Can we also put a line on how much longer keeps his job at the bank?
Your the 1 that I think about all Dddaayy... Your the 1 that I Dream about Aalwaayss... Your Luv is my luv & my luv is your Luv..He He
from one #Hoosier to another come to the #Titans we would love to have you!
Thanks! And happy early birthday to you!
if u get tickets, any day is great to me! I picked the Wednesday last night.
.... who cares.. im tired of hearing about it..
completion, by doing things (that Stanford coule) like more summer funding, etc. While every school that imposes a flat time
In the lab time work
Travel & change of place impart new vigor to the mind. Seneca / Enjoy other cultures, see creation, & realize that generosity matters!
I love #deadliestcatch but perhaps you should be responsible enough the explain WHY quotas were cut in half. Overfishing!
.. but then my board flew from under me, i fell on my side, broke a rib or two, & now i'm too much of a puss to give it a 2nd go
#asksarah Why are you so popular on twitter?
I appreciate you following me!
Essays dont take me long, but thats why I want to do it together, so I can figure everything out. Idk what to even do.
Defense!!! Why are the midfields the kings of the pitch?! Cause they're USA!
RT : Wink at the next 5 people you see! Nothing changes the mood like a wink! Mix in a smile and things will go bananas!!
"When you pray, say: 'Deliver us from the evil one'" -Luke 11:2; Matthew 6:13
Awesome goal ladies but it's not over yet.
LIfe is what you make it, ok must remind myself everyday!!!
ha watch we will bounce back and win the series, celtics definitely wont be winning it though
I now have partly blue hair.
"No sleep til brooklyn"..RIP ~Adam
Thanks - this is a great quote! I like this one too..."Actions are visible, though motives are secret."
I know! Good thing she wasn't serious.
I DONT have times for the qames smh so when you done and read to end it lemme know ' . If im still around
We'll be live tweeting from our profile for the 48 Hour Film Project Friday-Sunday! #follow us & enjoy indie filmmaking!
May Day protesters 'reclaim' foreclosed home in NE Portland and move previous owner back in. I'll have the latest from the scene at 5 & 6.
Listening to at MD Tech Expo with - MD is trying to be more entrepreneurial!
#RelationshipsNowdays can mean something if U make them
that one was blocked heavily.I think you will be okay.do you think that because yours is with a cotton vs wool that it curls?
Joe Tusa is starting to choke up. "Suck it up, Joe," says one audience member to big laffs.
#BoiseSOC Bieter: And I thank you for having the faith in me to make me your Mayor.
Much like me....
I wish I bought two mini Jalapeno Chorizo Scones from Christopher Garren's Let Them Eat Cake instead of just one...:(
HIT ME UP
go to Dave at headz up
I'm exhausted, but my presentation is done and the sense of accomplishment and knowing I didn't give up is worth every missed Z!
Thanks Blake! We all need to celebrate soon!
Time out!!!! Did use a new word "MindState" ? Sweet!
Yeah, I found that on XWT a few weeks ago.
You're my moon, my stars, my galaxy...lol.
#ThingsIDislike when ppl stare. Did your mom teach you any manners? Speak or something dang.
x)... Lmao i was bored so i grabbed tape and ducttaped it to the wall xD... Yup
#genius an ice cream place (delicious) open till late
Vodafone retailer event a big draw
same. thinkin' Lakefront, later...
#YouNeedToBreakUpIf its an one way relationship
Having a contest with counting the dress code violations on this beautiful day. 6:5
Jason Lloyd from the Akron Beacon-Journal talking about the Cleveland-area despondency...Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
You can have everything in life that you want if you will just help enough other people to get what they want.
the sneakers?
Sounds fun, never made it to Dubai but I have been to Bahrain and Kuwait. Write you when I can! :) hope your holidays were great!
I would LOVE if you did a cover of Lana Del Ray's "LUCKY ONES" ;)
Tasting through some new roasts today. A Brazil auction lot and a bright espresso blend...
LOL at people who treat facebook like twitter .
Omg he just touched that guy :O
Movie recommendation is Brendan Fraiser in "Encino Man"
I loved the finale! What was your favorite part about filming it?
DC inspection station record time. In and out in 5 minutes.
darts are on nbc sports net. reminds me of the time i beat the 16th ranked polish darts player in a warsaw bar 3 years ago. fact. seriously
I sure will... I have a bunch of shows that week too! Let's hang out & let me know when your shows are! I wanna come (:
Best smoke this side of FLORIDA.
Hope the first aid box was properly stocked for you!
Oh is that so??!! Well don't I get a flash pass??
Heck ya! I loved her in Love Actually and while I didn't like the movie Last Chance Harvey, she was great.
I enjoy my life.
I'm guessing 30 or so. We aren't limited to 10 at - plus sometimes there are conference rooms full of people.
I'm about to lose it on the rep who answers my call. Lord help her.
It's already Wednesday! You know that means, #PROPSpartnerday . Come into Ecoclean & 5% will go 2 !
I delted my facebook and now I'm workin on my twiter game follow me bitch
thanks, Skye - I'm getting there slowly, but surely. I did a 12 miler on Sunday and I survived. :)
You have been exercising more... that happens to me when I up my exercise.
Lookin for love in all the right places :)
Going to be a sick night! Can't wait...Heard a lot of good feedback about you.
helping my cousin move into her new apartment!(:
Thank you Pepsi for the Flava Flav cameo..now my daughter walks around the house yelling "Yea Boy!"
Every 4 years, there is always room for a little more February.
Huge thanks to for an unforgettable #beerDiplomacy! Editing/Posting now. Stay Tuned!! Oh, surely follow her!
“: With that being said ill see you guys in 2023” I can't wait that long! D;
Not a good combo because I mostly watch this show at the gym.
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Remember to protect your eyes with sunglasses if you're out celebrating in the sunshine!
hillbilly handfishing is next!!!
Better watch out! Your desk could be next! :) cc
Watching Matt Damon & Emily Blunt in "The Adjustment Bureau" -- amazing, funny dialogue by George Nolfi. Great Philip K Dick adaptation.
It is not the mountain that we conquer but ourselves. Sir Edmund Hillary
our pleasure and thanks for the love!
Are you gonna do the picture soon? No rush, just asking...
hey it's I don't know if you realized but you blocked me on that account. Please unblock :) ❤
What do you get if you cross a bee with a door bell?A hum dinger !
looks like 's twitter got hacked. . . I think i believe she wouldnt talk like that.
Holy cow I almost just tweeted something political. THAT was a close one.
Ok, good luck!
Can't wait for THE GRANDMASTERS. Has William Chang learned to carry WKW without Doyle's help?
Not really. You'd have to accept the new Terms of Service once they have been revised before they would apply to you.
I feed my dig red meat & catz .
when you buy the dye please check the due date
"I hope the President and Congress fulfill their promise... We need it now more than ever." on service funding
Just opened up the can of worms. Don't care much for worms.
At Smalls checking out . Great music! Glad I ran into him on the street! NYC gotta be in it ya win it!! =)
20 dogs would freak my dog out, haha. 1-2, she's fine with, but yeah. She also was on the street so bit of a nervous nelly
that is AWESOME
RT: This Monday stuff is for the birds. Give us a beer please. >>> oh yes 4:00 can't come fast enough
Michael Langley would like to restructure the business environment of Portland
Need to see some new battles.
No music = No life .
People censor others out of fear. Shame on you.
providing pitching depth tonight?
hosts over 40 Sports Tourism events annually
thought so, i was pretty sure that girl i saw was you. :)
I didn't lol..I turned the channel lol and he get a home run...GREAT
I love you and my friends.:-)
Thanks for your excellent contributions to the discussion, Troy!
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add. - Camille Pissarro
I know! Haha(:
was so chatty in my dreams!
Department of Motor Vehicles I assume? They fund everything.
youre an A-whole you have Badiyha thinking I cheat
I vote they make a cheer icon on the emoji app. #prettyplease :) 👑🎀
have fun at home and tell your family I said hi!
A night of #NBA ball #Thunder v. #Celtics and #Mavs v. #Lakers, #Australian Open and Republican SC debate.Spring semester is well in sight!
- me n Katie Are throwin our bras up at the crofoot! <3 <3
Andy Russell - game starts here & ends there; toy is open-ended. #app challenge panel all designed "toys"
And for some reason i am up...
Tuesday #HCG Tip~In the 50s tuna wasnt allowed b/c it was packed in oil. Now water packed tuna is allowed & encourage fast #weightloss on P2
Is that really possible???
Glad to take photos at the press conference today! Congrats on the mention from the white house this morning.
thanks for beliving in me :) ill do it just for you! lol
That suspiciously sounds like the plot of Planet Hulk. We know how that ends. Metta World War...
#childhoodmemories LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, LEFT, RIGHT, LEFT GET on UP, GET on UP, GET on UP, RIGHT, LEFT. -DRAMA
Should I get a wireless keyboard for my iPad2? Are they reliable? Any complaints?
Question: you're in a cab and the driver talks to himself and jerks violently. Do you gtfu or understand that he may just have Tourette's?
Confused on analogy of if Clinton = black pres then Obama = gay pres. Totally different. Shouldn't Lincoln or LBJ = black pres?
43 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
So how does this sticker upgrade thing really work? When does that X bucket get released? Tell me your secrets...
I'll be there next Friday yes.
Thanks so much for the follow, we really appreciate it! Have a good one!
thank you! one of our favorites!
Dave, the #qcbf is right up your alley.
Worst-case scenario for the Cats! Wow!!!
So awesome to be able to return the blessing on skid row today!
on tour with Ulysses Owens and Steve Wilson in Canada. We are Inside Straight.
We want to thank everyone who took time to volunteer with the Xavier chapter & helped build 11 homes in the past year.
This Bloomberg Markets article about Koch Industries portrays a company that repeatedly demonstrates contempt for the law. Surprised?Best...
": My main goal is to differentiate what it is I need and what it is I'm simply scared to lose." This hit me where my soul is.
We just got a great 3 1/2 star review for our latest cd, Falling Together Falling Apart, in the December issue of Downbeat Magazine!
#Imagine Alex: "Could you please stop talking about (ur name) for just a little bit?" Austin: "I could.....but I wont. ;)" Alex: Gosh.. -_-
HA! RT Social Networking sites today are 50% holiday well wishes and 50% getting angry at people who spell "paddy" wrong.
you could come to NYC and celebrate with me!
I am currently in a rather foul mood to say the least.
Murder charge brought in Trayvon Martin case
Thanks for taking the time to read my book. Hope all is well with you! r, John
Aw shuckss, I was trying so hard too
Why divide and destroy when it feels much better to praise and worship.
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
:) yes it is! See me to claim your prize.
What?! NO! Seriously? I'm screaming in my head. Full on aneurysm. Brian Mcknight/Yin Yang Twins?
haven't seen h at good ol Merritt in a min :( weak.
Dear Justin Bieber, One Direction, Zac Efron, or Ryan Reynolds... Just make our lives better and get naked. Thanks.
“: I gotta worry about thirsty hoes like trying to get at my boyfriend 😒😒😒😠👊💢” @ me...oh wait. nvrmind
Soo many partys this weekend...but after this SB, I'm partied out haha
hm...should I take the job offer and miss out on my family and friends? I'll have money but I'll be far from them...
Spurs are looking at signing Caron Butler! That would be a great fit for them! Parker and Ginobili are getting old!
that looks like a world of fun
I shared Bieber's new song with my coworker ... he hates to admit, but he likes it too, ha!
hope you hit up the urban outlet while you were here! #socheap maybe its good i dont live here...
Summer coming..I'm not goin nowhere before 8 o clock...
I feel like a sleepy bear.
#FOLLOWERS CHECK OUT THE REAL D$MONEY NO COUNTERFEIT MIXTAPE ON
me too
GOOD TO HAVE YOU HERE AS WELL..WE'RE ALL WORLD-WIDE NOW PEEPS..F/S..
Dietitians Dish: Arthritis, nutrition&#39;s role
big mac. Big Mac. BIG MAC! Now @ McD's, Big Mac Sandwiches are Buy 1 Get 1 Free. This is worth raising your voice about.
Get the fuck out of my business
my new favorite YouTube video? I AM A LADYBUG~
I wish i wasnt a retard
Have you ever slept under a stack of radio logs on fireworks night?
Forever's a mighty long time and i really wanna spend it wit u.
Aw you're so awesome! Thanks!
I really miss
Jogged around today. Apparently that's what everybody does on a Saturday afternoon!
I have something in mt eye and it is really bothering me.
I gotta wate tell next month cuz the girl I like she don't wanna be called a hoe cuz me Andy ex just broke up 2 weeks ago
DADDY MAC'LL MAKE YA - JUMP, JUMP!!
Thank for the Follow Fridays
90% of those diagnosed with #COPD and #Asthma have a disorder called #AATD. Do you? Free screenings, art exhibit, refreshments. 11-17....
I honestly have to start disliking those who tend to hurt me or make me feel bad!
Thanks for the RT.
What up?
I HATE AU CENTRAL.
Be true to your teeth, or they'll be false to you!
Take a look at yourself in the mirror. Who do you see looking back? Is it the person you want to be or the person people want you to be?
If I do NOT FOLLOW YOU then TWEET ME so I can FOLLOW YOU BACK!! I will be waiting to follow you back! #StayClassy!
thanks for the RT!
Amazon one click checkout screwed me and sent my package a way old address...now how the heck am I going to get my blender??
Yes, maybe next time! Sorry to hear it was unavailable!
Self confidence in street photography is an attribute born(e) of success & practice & self delusion Lose any one of these & you are adrift
Just confimed at Gramercy: Bad Sushi - "The Tri state area's #1 Phish cover band!"
Thanks for the response! :) Do you think international travel offers a richer experience, though?
oh alright. Used play AAU against dog. They team used to talk the most ISH!
I remember that book! Totally for the name of it ):
• Crocheted mustaches???? AWESOME. Can you tweet a picture?
Thieves Like Us- Drugs In My Body.
There is a direct correlation between what you think & what you do... Choose your thoughts wisely!
Shut out of THE BABY MAKERS. Guess the universe wants us to rage instead. Hearing you loud and clear, universe.
Father who deserted family was tortured soul, admits Martin Clunes: Martin Clunes, the actor, has spoken frankly..
remember when #umn dissolved the Grad School to essentially fire the clerical staff? and it somehow STILL exists via $$$ admins?
Was going to tell him 260K
Go see at the Hard Rock Cafe at 12th & Market tonight. Joe will be there! Say hi!
Once again it's a great day to be a #Blazer in
Your gonna catch a cold from the ice inside your soul.
Chen wow! 2 k's in the top of the first including Lord Hamilton
We're looking for a reliable PT Stock associate that can be available on Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays. Looking for a fun #job in #PGH?
Finished 6 miles on the trail!!! And I'm feeling GREAT!!!! 👍😉
What does US v. Jones ruling mean for the future of privacy and the Fourth Amendment? The battle over our privacy rights is far from over.
#GOP #FLSen candidates crashing & burning all around Florida. Cause the #RPOF is corrupt & GOP brand is bunk
If my memory serves me correctly it is 's 25th bday today! Happy birthday to my brother from another mother! Miss you :)
Maryland Statewide Tornado Drill - Wednesday April 11th, 9:45 AM: Statewide Tornado Drill for Md.
Thanks for the great post!
Imperfections make you beautifully unique
ooh - oh nos. dare i ask?
RT : I hear Brad PItt is scheduled for the keynote tonight at #fakeDevLearn (I hear he's coming with Jennifer Aniston!)
Heard great things about the BioMed program!
Who are the people in your life who make you laugh and smile the most? When is the last time you told them how much you appreciate them?
Lunch isn't coming soon enough.
Check out the new tracks on the band page! http://www.facebook.com/lastseendead
RT A9. Feeling like someone from Mad Men drinking by yourself at lunch.
Just saw Patrick Henry at the Fort Worth Stockyards. He wants to ride a bull.
They had nineteen children, but they knew what to do; they had one more; God told them to. This brood's a cash cow; let's call it God's zoo.
I'm really into 3 Doors Down right now.... #NowPlaying Sarah Yellin'
My view: SHIT HAPPENS, get over it and move on, cry about it for 5 minutes then just move on (y)
You're welcome. I like networking and even mentoring if possible.
hey showin love follow me
.: If we are going to educate our way to a better #economy, we have to address the growing skills gap in US. via
BorderSenses Twitter account is now up and running!
We dig it too.
I love kids.
Yeah..... Noon class was cancelled. Class only at 2 now, life is GOD being a lazy fuck!
Funky Promotion's next show 11/30 Southgate House Newport, Kentucky ... Playing with a live drummer!
Happy 175th Birthday Chicago!!!
Hey Last I checked, Yo hurt his knee playing baseball. Gamel, too.
#BGC I love I am a woman now but I still loved being a BadGirl :-)
looks like there will be a home for our OWS/Zizek dance jam after all, haha.
Las Vegas Firefighters protect people, property and even pets! Yesterday, firefighters doused a local kitchen fire and saved a family dog!
Philadelphia's Zach Makovsky defends his World Title vs. Eduardo Dantas at Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City April 13th
One point is all you need RT Up one at the half is a ok start
I don't actually need a sign prohibiting me from taking pictures of naked ppl in the locker room #becauseimanadult but txs anyway gym day11
But the other guys are just MORE beautiful!
Kevin Durant is NOT about to let OKC lose the chance for a 2-0 lead in this series...
great job with the Ximena Sariñana show! Looking forward to more shows!
How will you determine if your child is successful on playing piano?
.... Couple hundred points.
I miss your face too!!! Let's get together soon
Administrator deep in the hall way
omega burger yee buddy!!
I seriously die every time Kendall calls us his Cover Girls.
in my lowest point of my life, God is always my strength..
Went downstairs to get potbelly and locked myself out :(
#Blackmomscatchphrase You aint sorry yet. Wait til we get home......
Haha Manchester united thought they just won nope not so fast!
Saw I Am Legend in Guided study today.
I have fought for rights too, but I never murdered anyone because I didn't get my way. Grow up and negotiate like a true Muslim!
I'm bored as fuck
HHAHAHAHAHAA it means SISTER WHITE hahahahahahahahaha
my pleasure! Have a great day!
.#CharterSchool n. a vehicle to move tax revenues from general purse and/to interject it into private market. Public paid-private welfare
If you hit a brick wall, without hesitation, go through it.
‘ubuntu’ is a Bantu word that means: “I am, because you exist.” Love that. Such an interesting way to view #community and
quit being a bitch and actually do the work, instead of complaining on how bad it will turn out.
Thy look like hairy nipples or a mole
Very excited about the Milu scarf and bag I bought! Thanks ! Do you know when the floral scarves will be loaded?
: I am a journalist who covers beauty and health. I would love to talk, re: M.A.C. Glitter and Ice. Best,
Sending HOT love to our fan
can you send us a detailed email w/acct info and issue? we'll get to the bottom of this.
RT : All a girl really wants is for one guy to prove to her that they are not all the same. -Marilyn Monroe
Oh well that was a different Mind Palace.
I think that is the method used to drive potential husbands away.. Wine tasting? Really?
Craving Brunch at Fresh donuts, Pulled Pork w/ Poached Eggs, Mussels & a London Calling Cocktail. cc
Nice win by UC today! #BearcatNation great game by
Thx Charlie. Shoot me a link when you get it off the ground. Looking forward to reading it.
Memphis is cold, gray, rainy. Like you need a coat!
it's really good except for the end. The end is such a fail lol
Congrats on going social !
In Hudson, OH for Thanksgiving. Why does it look so much like Connecticut? It was once part of New England's western reserve! So cool!
you are
its in the main settings for when you first get twitter x
going to send you everything tomorrow ...
Best feeling in the world? Finally fitting back into your "in shape" jeans ;) HOLLA.
Happy Birthday !!! Good luck at your portfolio review!!!
On my long list of #edui todo's I just crossed off an item that simply said "cheeseburgers". And no that's not what we're serving for lunch.
I love diggy new albulm its the best
:D Woot! Glad I could help? xD
Happy Birthday This makes me sad everyone's growing up so fast I hope you don't change, Stay strong & Grand Wish you the best
OH I ONLY WISH THE AMAZING AUSTIN MAHONE WOULD CALL ME <3
definitely! be listening for it around 2:15!
May the force be with you bitches! :D
Karma is a bitch, and life is its mother.
Its like the One Two Step
Wish we could have made it!
Best. Receiver. Ever. Not to mention biggest smile and greatest heart. Wisco loves you, DD.
happy birthday jordy!
haha uhm..thanks for the shoutout? Why did i get one?
That sounds like a plan! Best 26 bucks I'll ever spend! Do you know the guy that plays for the Rangers that I text you about???
great new legends roundtable "Celebrity Effect". You could have one on football players alone!
Timbers threw up a rip mca sign on the big screen!
Website is finally up and running!! Head over and check it out!
TNX I JUST FOLLOWED HIM TOO
It can be.
If anyone wants to sell me an iPhone 3GS let me know
Good night
That'd be interesting if Room Raiders came to my room!
I have faith in your abilities.
I could go for some morning sex and a blunt.oh yeah and some fruit snacks
Dan Kowal: No NOAA sites can use Google Analytics. Hands tied. Not the 1st time US gov't shoots self in giant feet.
What happened? Is he ok?
If you work hard enough everything is possible it's just the so called "Impossible" is harder to achieve
Lauro talking about the corpse as broken object
when do you play and what kind of boxes do they drink
Yes. The Dominion app has killed a whole lot of my time. My 9yo really loves the board version of Small World, fwiw.
yes great food and good people, like you...
Good luck! I'm in serious need of new ink. On my upper back though.
--Hi! Single income Mom taking fam to FL from MI in an Enterprise minivan tonight. Need15%coupon, know where can I find it?
Because you are a compassionate, caring man who obviously is a good listener. You are the go-to guy :)
<========= Ooh yu looking for tht Jasmine! , Well sorry but she gone!
Hi Larry, I Miss our EC Gatherings on the edge, Maybe some day we can all get together again!
Now playing #SheAin'tYou #ChrisBrown Damn straight, she ain't me. There's only one AJ :)
The Golden Hurricane vs Southern Miss Tonight at 5:30, Let's GO Hurricane!!!!
Corey, you are amazing. I love you on Glee... It's my favorite show and Finn is my favorite character. I love you!!! <3
Thank you! What skits/acts did you like best? " jonathan_with1H: dope performance last night!"
Brookfield, CT was our best stop on tour. We cannot wait to be back there. Philly tonight with The Venetia Fair. Time to get fucking sloppy.
To follow up a multi hour layover with a ridiculously rough flight AND a 30 min delay to pull into the gate is cruel and unusual punishment.
An Unbelievable Tragedy. RT Prayers go out to Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and her family.
1st door we knock on is Brandon's! RT Do we need to buy band candy to support them? I sold enough of that in my band days.
Dear Columbus. We need a Whole Foods market of some kind! PLEASE!!!
Tyson Chandler you are dirty as fu*k !
The odds are 1 in 11 you’ll be in a vehicle accident this year. Don’t text and drive.
I am so loving football season.....
My presentation at 9 is starting with trivia! Win a tee.
Don't you just HATE the feeling of being sick ! 😱
sfjazz spring season app is up! free at apple app store and android market.
Answer our trivia question at 3pm today for a chance to win tix.
It means grandmother
nevermind, link finally worked! Should be able to replace his Rav4! Hopefully he'll mature more this year, cost team some games.
about time you give my hometown Mound Bayou JFK some love frat!
the concert was amazing! i wish i could have met them. oh well, i met hot chelle rae, tho.(:
what should our enterance muisc be team rated rko
People wanna eat me like a birthday cake
Grown ass man - Ludacris .... Priceless
TWITTER: "Sorry! We did something wrong. Please refresh the page and try again." ME: Do something RIGHT for once Twitter.. smh. -.-
pool looks better than RIT :)
I'm not okay! No I'm not okay! I'm not O-F***ING-KAY!!
Yeah, it's Monday afterall.
I earned the Extrovert badge on Lose It!
I'd always thought dark glasses were a must for the blind. Fact is, I wished he had some.
.i stayed stuck on that game :o
Today is the last day to enter for your chance to win Smashbox makeup. RT this for your chance to win!
Long time friends Joe Bluhm > Moonbot Studios won an oscar for Best Short Animated Film........dude has always been out of control talented
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 5
No, YOU better check our maps within our picture folder!!!!! *smile*
thanks...it is a great day!
#stopsayingthat once u hit the #megamillions u gonna tell everybody 2 kiss yo ass lol Look after taxes and yo debts we see how much you have
Yikes! Quickly grab a Boulevard and you might undo the damage.
_|_~~! SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX.. SEXY..SEXY.. GOGO DANCERS....SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
u called it
Air china ad placed after huntsman's speech on CNN
Found a 1939 nickel in my change. Don't know if it signifies any luck, but it's pretty cool.
What else would we be doing? RT : How many of you out there are spending your Friday evenings reading FEC filings?
City snatch victory from United w/a Man U extra time special. Love it!
yeah but you're tagging me in it!!!
For the love of SAX. The joy of it, too. Come down 2 the ABQ Museum Amphitheater 4 NMJW's Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT! You have 30 minutes.
>>mmmmhm will dew...n u too dough!!!
Delicious food, delightful company, and 20 bottles of wine over the course of the day... magnificent!
LMFAO grow up. RT : And Lord, bless this crawfish my body is about to receive. 🙏
That was not hooking!!!
- Hey Mark, I'm looking for someone with strong IIS / web admin skills for a full-time role...up to 75-80K. Know anyone?
Don't drink and drive - you might hit a bump and spill it. ~ Murphy's Law
I follow the drachmas.
Because I do not actually get a vacation I live vicariously through all of your vacation tweets.
- enjoyed our Skype call! You're an awesome guy & friend. Terry's THE best speaker u could ever hire to talk about the brain!
Sun be killing me
i am harold in that situation
everyday all day
i'll be fine.
not surprised but I guess I need to check that account!
I'm embarrassed to admit that in switching computers, I've completely lost the link to the blog that led me to follow you. Help?
this sounds wildly inapprop but i always think of u when i hear usher- nice n slow. i know u love that jam!
Great race. Congrats
Thanks for RTing us!
Be rich in character and make an impact on the lives of others. Just a HANDful of Love each day will add up to incredible change!
Hitting the studio to finish up a vocal, you guys are really gonna dig this one
just got home from penny sake. I love penny sake.
eww why does it have hair on it?! All NATURAL baby you like that?
#DaniloPerez is showing us what he knows on the keys.
Hey baby girl, welcome to Twitter. Love love love you sexy :* :*
Why hasn't someone did a Home Alone themed tower defense game?
Ha. Whoa, careful that's an antique! RT : Is this microphone on?
Black dick inside me>>>
Elon Musk is the creator of Paypal, who took his earnings and built SpaceX.
I'm gonna watch Monsters Inc tonight #kitty!
will Ed talk to me?
I like to see what the boys are up to see what us gals are missin' out on :) Swear, I'm comin' back as a gay man in my next life.
I love Google Voice when it works, but I love it even more when the transcriptions hilariously don't work. cc:
Itchin' for a night of great music and dancing? Come on out to to see Latin C'Nergy LIVE from 7:30-11:30pm!!
Wow huge thunder strike in Pasadena. Scared the crap out of me.
hahaha jk but that's good girl!
Celebrating my friend's 30th birthday at 2nd stop, Baton Lounge!
When i woke up this morning all i could think about was YOU...
Going to the mall with my friends tomorow :D spring break is already getting better
Auditions for Harmony to Help will be by appointment only, this Wednesday evening. Kids under 18 with amazing talents encouraged.
becuz she has the money and the time to do it.
i hate when nigga become a new person and act all fake and stuff when they r around diff ppl that shizz really get me
Great day, cold weather.
Thanks and Good Luck!
A big Happy Birthday goes out to
": For those who said that nobody @ SJ match; official Attendance 21,816 :)" SJ should be able to afford a DP on those numbers
100: being a bro has nothing to do with gender. if you're always rad and forever legit, you've got what it takes.
every time you check in here I think it says McDonalds!
Stop letting your business software frustrations get in the way of your success. Integrate. Relax.
Good morning. Remember to smile! God bless.
and we are that band who loves it!
“: Giving your best friend that look when you see someone attractive.”
the ones you love! Its just the way of life! Thanks again take it easy and who knows maybe I'll see you in the UFC as well!
aww :) Thanks! It was actually from my most recent trip to NYC!
This church field trip could really use a Bollywood sequence.
taco bell is icky.
Promote yourself for free on the promotion site on my page. :) If you don't need tell a friend that could.
give us another great novel featuring the Clowns Den and all the other dens of sin around 24th and Camelback.
I'm not counting, but I'm pretty sure that I've consumed a milkshake's worth of calories today in cough drops alone.
someday, i will look back on my time in graduate school, and realize i lived off of Sunflower Market's watermelon licorice.
I just picked up a KING magazine from 2011 from my mag collection. My girlfriend is in here! Love her :)
Got that mug at Commencement, actually :D
Lets work strictly business
It is great. It works in CA, NY and other states. Just have 2 have horses that are not flappable and geldings make the best choice.
Motorcycle cops formed perimeter around Ogawa. Uh, I'm inside, police car on fire 16th and San Pablo
Google Antrisity for baby and adult accessories including headbands, scarves, hats, jewelry, etc.!!
Possible trip to NYC, not 100% definite, but a good possibility-aiming for the Garment district, Chinatown, SoHo, Village-cross fingers&hope
I'm only slightly disappointed ;)
I will be there for at least 1-2 weeks including the ME.
You've got the braun, I've got the brains..
I have been really well fed these past six days, REAL well fed. Must. Start. Diet. Tomorrow. (Note that I did not say tonight).
It's too cold for me to be walking across campus
good workout feeling good now fresh out the shower bout to eat and study the playbook C
Had the overwhelming urge to systematically reorganize every closet in my house. Weirdest mood ever.
You are awesome. Thank you so much!
Precisely. Brutal night. #BabyNoLikeyDairy RT : (OR HAVE A NEWBORN)
Good to get the first one out the way, on to the next one
aside from counting my money lol just chilling. Working on some edits.
how have things been???
what, after 40?
Happy Birthday Sweetie! Enjoy your day!
Today a six year-old boy explained to me how he discovered a shooting victim in his neighbor's yard.
I'd go with black pants and nice shirt....or a black skirt. And then heels...but not going out heels haha
what was his topic?
be back later....
does CCBC keep track of what percentage of books about black people are set in the past?
you'll be missed
RT : tx u 4 importing so many delicious sakes. Your brand is a "seal of approval" 4 those seeking premium nihonshu
hey got a RT from a local celeb lol. Im a huge baseball fan. But i think sometimes the bar is set to high.
you saw the part about tweeting 5-10x per day, right? Not 50-100. ;)
tweet them please
Oh, I know. I regret it every day.
Happy St. Patrick's Day :)
Tell Parker to play Ants Marching with his violin at my request!!
RT I wanna go too the zoo. :(
U join mine and i will join yours www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork
You would know better than almost anybody!
were in the hell are you? Orch isn't the same :/
#ISTE11 I need a session on beginning an iPad pilot at my school which includes the info about the Apple school volume purchasing.
i wear my own style of clothes, listen 2 my style of music,do my WAY tha treadWAY!Tha only time i follow some1 is only on twitter!
Everything was handled well, they did a fantastic job!
Seeing go radio in 30 mins. So stoked!
Follow for a SHOUTOUT!
I don't think that's enough dude. You might need to pay a fine or spmething. LOL
I am so incredibly modest.
The awkward moment when you're having a conversation in your head & realise you're making faces that go along with your silent conversation.
If you suddenly notice spots, floaters or flashes of light after an injury, it may be due to a detached retina. Get it examined right away!
Mtv! In love with MUSIC!
"When all is under control, you are driving too slow..." M. Andretti via
That totally sucks. Bad form, bad move. Now, if you engaged with remote folks...I'm just sayin' ;)
Wishing good luck to and hoping she will come back to visit
the trending capacity of a word
It's Friday night! Hit up a Bartab bar!
It's a great way to start the day in beautiful
RT : #Pirates bullpen is 2nd in ERA, but 13th in FIP, and 10th in xFIP. There's a storm brewing.
": Once when I was ordering food a "panini" from Panera Bread I mistakenly asked for a "punani"..........."
HAHAHA SHUT UP! I WAS PISSED!
thank you Twitter for sending my those lovely spam DMs and blaming it on sweet innocent people.
oh, thanks girl! (:
happy birthday to my biffff i loveyouuuu sexy <33333333333
Tired-leaving unpacking till tommorrow. Thankful to be in my bed w/ blankie, warms my heart knowing cuddled w/ her hubby in it.♥
cannot wait to visit when I am Seattle in a few weeks. Which location to choose?
Finally joined AFTRA, next step is an improv class at UCB. I'm excited for what's to come! Every day is a learning experience!
Cloudpath celebrates its largest win in K12! Fairfax County Public Schools, 12th largest SD in US. 1st 12 to DM will win a free CP Tshirt
thanks! The Simon Cowell judge liked me. And we broke some library stereotypes!
Shannon Jo to the rescue!
Trying to remember accurately and just counting half the year, I want to say 8 or 9.
i love you justin you know ? ♥
good times, good people, good weather (almost). happy days...
getting swole has unleashed your Roid rage!
Spent the evening preparing for the HIS WOMEN women's conference in CedarRapids, Iowa - April 14th! Looking forward to a great day of music!
Ohh that songs good
okay. Did he give out any hw
she's never on twitter just saying. took her AGES to follow me.
What up?!
Clouds begin to break this evening with partly cloudy conditions overnight. We fall to 47°.
“: I'm told I'm supposed to be tweeting more. Here it is!” just don't start talking about your laundry here
Thanks much. Yeah, Dark Shadows was an interesting failure ... But that's about the best one can say.
It's Friday! We're busy working on our graphic design site and adding the #qsl pricing and info. What about you? de KB9ZLB&
I LOVE him.
Focused repair lotion strips away dead skin, creates perfect environment for the Calm/Restore serum to penetrate, seal skin.
I'm checking out of further participation in the #yotba comments, but will keep reading. Congrats to for sparking so much discussion.
Hi sweetie! I hope you are having a wonderful sleep.
apparently in china, today is the birthday for all dogs #lovugizmo woof
loading up some new Metric for you round 12:15
Today is one of the few days that I start to see Arizona's point - daylight savings is the worst.
ohh kool(: were doing a play... and I'm helping write it
forever and always. (;
I'll take a Mormon over a Muslim any day! And if you don't think he's a Muslim, you're a fucking idiot!!
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
Off to workout some legs!
thanks for the Opportunity to work with you!
I had NO idea you could incorporate smugmug into the website like that!
Everyone at work has beautiful calendars from their alma mater, but I can't find one for My cubicle looks deprived.
I hope you realize how much I honestly care.
we im excited suga! how is it up there
That would be great! Most of the food is Mexican themed so something sweet would be great.
Even without risk factors for high blood pressure, drinking green or oolong tea can further reduce risk! An ounce of prevention...
Makes me laugh each an every time. *THE*... Like there's a King & Queen of this group. LOL!!!
#HappyMothersDay to all the mothers of the world....lots of love and happiness today!
Fenna listen 2 music til' I fall asleep. Goodnight . . Z!
I really freaking love Austin <3
Proof we're too tech dependent:OH at polling place:"You have a clothes line? Where on earth did you get it?" Uh.try anywhere they sell rope.
If you saw that Devo post a minute ago, we also have similar programs for Snowboarding AND Freestyle! Come learn to fly!
And now I'm going to roast my Mom a chicken from the Farmer's Market with fresh fennel that she grew herself, bocce later. It's a banner day
explains brand is who you are, what you do and what you say.
thank you for the follow back!
I wish I could sleep earlier
I miss being a kid. No one cared how u dressed,we were all friends,n u could just be yourself.When did we turn so judgmental? :) Swag
but is that Beehive also a notorious brothel?
Thanks were glad u enjoyed the performance, It was great to meet you! Next is NYC
New '09 R1 rear tallight integrators just arrived! HUGE closeout sale coming soon!!! Look for us at the upcoming Police and Fire games.
thank you for being my 1,000th follower!
NOW DOING MIXTAPE COVERS, PROMO CD COVERS AND SONG ART FOR A LOW PRICE !!! STOP OVER PAYING !! HIT UP MY DM FOR INFO !!
ok so ya homework and stretching and normal life stuff and sleep okay bye night.
Man becomes what he thinks about. - Morris Goodman
People always say they like people who are honest and forthright. Pfff come see me why you are fifthright or sixthright, then we'll talk.
Hey check me out on YOU TUBE SINGING Alyssa HOLMES SINGS AT WEDDING PLEASE
Do not go back to sleep.
Day or Night Bedford ave Rocks!
Got dizzy and fell on the floor...owww
Sex is just hugging while spitting, right?
Villasana retains her belt after 3 rounds by judges decision.
HB1136 has been called down on 2nd reading. Amendments are being heard.
One of the greatest pitching performances in #Brewers history. Wasted. Still in disbelief 15 hrs after it happened.
This is you Jericho
hey my sis are you on? :-)
RT Michigan’s unemployment rate today is more than 2 percentage points lower than it was a year ago
Just trusting everything to ...Im sorry for getting scared... :/
Time for new #Fringe! Bring it...
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Very much appreciated! : #FF The smart girls!
can't remember when I've seen us play so impressively....not only first half...but entire game!
Byron introduced himself as "im a crackhead an i have three brothas" hahahaha
Yes, I thought as much. The Phd prepares for more than library admin. I wish I had done it.
Can you follow me back? Please♥
What's your blog?
Its National Roast of Pork Day! Wisma’s slow-cooked Organic Becker Lane BBQ Pork is the perfect way to celebrate!
MP art soon to be gracing the walls of a hotel in Pittsburgh!
Now that I finally won a couple games against , I'm retiring from ping pong, going out on top!
Love bro good Looking Whn If I get off Im gone bring you laptop
Why do some girls brag about what their men got them? I used to brag about what I bought my damn self.
who there?
Nice loping hike at Lost Dog Trail today in Scottsdale.
Never felt so depressed and confused.
Who owns an eSkillet? My boy and I were rippin his last night at the show. That's probably why I was really fucked up actually.
#LocalLove I love San Francisco because it's so close to the redwoods, nature and camping. I'm camping as soon as possible
#NowPlaying Would You Go With Me - Josh Turner<3
Please Detroit. Let's not become too friendly today.
Good Luck ! I Voted For You<3
i care about you<3
what american?
The bbq was so fun yesterday I can't believe I pulled it together last min. Thanks to all that came I really enjoyed ya.
Don't forget tomorrow over Club Pleasures
Thanks. Much love to you too. :-)
Peppercorn garlic chicken omelet with blue cheese for breakfast, how can lunch compete?
Yes u r da 1 haha luv ya.Omg just got my BWUsummertour tickets on dallas tx.cnt wait to see u love ya so munch so excited?
didn't know that existed! I'm going to go dream about rage face merries. Z.
Of course!
Perfectly said. RT : We love this team, but damn...
and a shout out to you all for hosting such a wonderful event! we appreciate everything that you have done!
The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
Stupid Valentines day x.x
you're my favorite. CC
dope that's my specialty!!!
The Doors are open, now it’s up to you to make the most of your weekend. lays down the music tonight!
NHL maybe? #whosleft NY vs. LA for the cup? Maybe Phoenix? IDK
whats the background on your computer mate?
Love the food, wine and pastry selections at Tartine in Coronado. If they had wifi, it would be perfect.
#momquotes "You look like a bag of shit in those trousers!" or "When are you going to grow up and cut your hair, your nearly 37 now!"
I bet u pick it up and put it in back in your mouth
boy quiet playin ill beat you at school cause you no you love me <3
Just "rad" and don't forget stellar. ;)
Would you guys like free promotion? Please email me at to get started!
Chapter 12 of "The Glow Stick Gods" by should be placed in every hotel room in Chicago. Required reading for all tourists.
encountered an eyeball in the entryway earlier. I wasn't put off, as it was a paste-on plastic peeper for a puppet.
Happy Birthday to my amazing, beautiful, funny, talented & inspiring sister Charlotte! Love you!
whos on and wants to chat im bored lol
I hate when I can't keep a conversation with someone I like and it just becomes really awkward.
I'm not one for spectacle and that seems to be what that movie is. I <3 Joss but I'm not that into it.
yes we do and when we don't, u know something is wrong!! Haha!!
Austins hat size is 7 1/2. Rt if you'd love to wear one of his hats!(:
really fantastic, pretty tired tho
If Greece exits: beginning of the end for Euro. Greece will be the template for jumping ship. (Titanic)
Thanks for the follow! I hope you find my tweets informative.
Tomorrow im rockin wit Bone Crusher boutta give yaw a Show!!..L's Up!
for all wwe fan out there... i hope orton and legacy loses tonight....:-)
Softball would be great right now!
Happy Friday, Twitter Friends! What's for lunch?
Is Narnia under my bed then?
“: Irish will play you anywhere at anytime. Illinois, Ohio, Kentucky, and my favorite Lucas Oil Stadium.”
Thanks to our new follower.please check out our new VIP section for free poker books and charts. Take your next game level.
to b honest I think wwe is fuckin him up, like he look like a Gud ring wrestler, its just he shouldn't do dem 5 moves
Wanna know the secret to prosper in every area of your life? Answer=Obedience. GOD BLESSES YOUR OBEDIENCE. PERIOD!
#itscutewhen you lay your head on my chest and fall asleep holding me
love the coca- cola adverts at Christmas time :)
what's your fav clothing line?
did u make it home? How's the puppy?
: New producer signed with the label! INGENIOUS (IG) follow him! -->
Back on plane! Glimmer of hope, but connection prospects dim.
bahhhh!!! woman on ebay! Stop outbidding me! I'm bringing my A-Game. Do it.
#BBW all on my TL. I can't stand that show. From the looks of it, y'all can't either.
DIE IN A HOLE
Stupid doctor's office:P
pushed me for no reason in the hall -__-
Back from the dentist. Hygentist told me I have perfect teeth.
Orlando People please repost
Us! See you at the Open House!
You have to do it on mac or you can get an app to do it direct on iphone like ABContacts for iphone
Annie Leibovitz Is on letterman... Showing some of her new photos... Bad photos... sad...
Just wrapped rehearsal for #IdolFinale. You guys are not gonna believe this show.
Similar to German? Damn. I have to Youtube this now. Anyway, happy birthday! Have a wonderful day.
ohh wow !here school starts at 9 pretty much !but im gonna let you go so you can get ready for school now !byebye(:
Annoying lapsus lingua : edX, try MIT not Yale. RT Harvard and Yale
thanks, you are a true supporter of "techbro."
I both want and don't want this to be true. (mostly want)
you just let me know whenever you want a visit from ol' Sergei. He'll be happy to make an appearance.
I was just thinking this !!
I love the new logo, social media, and new graphics. Everybody should follow them
I love you're somebody to love video :) ill be ur somebody <3
thank you for keeping over 25lbs of paper out of the landfills in just 2wks
Carolyn is one of several preteens sharing the Alice in Wonderland role, in early June. (When I find out what date is hers, I'll tell.)
Gruden: "They've made it clear they want to win the Super Bowl" ... Really Jon? Cuz other teams aren't interested in winning the SB
Looking forward to our GRAND OPENING tomorrow night at 9:00, join us ?
Now watching Mission Impossible Ghost Protocal....will see
Definitely an enhancement we will consider. Thanks for the input. As with anything online, it's a WIP to make things better
So excited about the BBA general meetings this week. I hope you can make it!
“: impressive instagram” omg, that should be your instagram handle!!!
Is my life so lame that I have to resort to watching friends? There has ta be something else on
Gym time.
I'll probably have to organize my own panel AGAIN, but I'm tired of chairing.
!!! RT : Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
lol well i just saw that pic and i was pissed and um i don't know who saw it or knew first but it's like all over twitter so...
Hello, that was my review of Third Star! Thanks for watching
whoa, Tyler! That's my people! My hometown is about an hour from Tyler. Yay! Knock 'em dead. I know you will. ;-)
meow meow meow meow.....im a pretty pretty dogy
#Dutch studies journal Dutch Crossing announces plans for Dutch #art issue in 2012!!!
They're in tonight's mail! Thanks for your order.
LMFAO ": Today, Facebook went public, just as MySpace’s last user went private."
Much Love to ALL the independent bookstores, especially the ones that are working hard to keep there doors open.
really beautiful tonight. Perfect weather.
having Settebello for lunch m
RT : I would #travel just abt anywhere if it would create a #collaboration beneficial 2a project
TRUE LIFE | “: Roxy was like that! If ya wasn't there you missed out cc: ”
That awkward moment when someone says happy mothers day to Casey Anthony...
FOUR DAYS UNTIL PROLOGUE REVEAL
Berlin? Sounds great. Yup, I'm in the city. Making do.
!!!!!!! RT “: If your text messages don't turn Blue then ur text messages ain't True #TeamIphone 👍📱👌”
I would say so, I have been dying to go to the crazy sock store!
I am there tomorrow tossing out the first pitch and singing take me out to the ball game. Makes me miss Kenny Powers
Touch down to my hometown....
Good luck ! It'll be a good game
better be huh
How did your shows go? told us you were performing last week! :)
dear iTunes, thanks for crapping out 5min from the end of the video I was watching for class. Grrr. I was on a notetaking roll!
thats right because there is no going back
Natalie Portman needs to learn mic control when she claps
I've had it I just never used it
you can watch #moviesinmypants, but
i didn't know summer was suppose to be this boring. SMH
Alana no who's going to do my hair? Where are you moving?
Can I just like not go to school today ? kthanks.
: i dont think im going . shes
Ban Ron Artest for the year! That needs to happen..
you have the best tweets i swear :)
Feel better soon!
Thanks for the RT :-)
You gotta listen to dat 'Welcome To H-Twon'-- Shit Goes Slime!
BIRTHDAY COUNTDOWN: 2DAYS.
This Nigga Here!
not even on Kwikstar? Qixtar? Whatever it's called?
Yes, learning objectives DO matter! *sigh*
“: Lions, second Broncos game, Chargers game and the Miami game, atleast.”buffalo game too. Don't forget that meltdn
I am a little nervous about the House Republicans' version of VAWA since they're calling it the "Violence Against Bitches Act."
when youre waiting for him to text you cause you want him to text first
Pres. Obama's speech to USCGA grads last May was warm and funny
Class canceled...Time to start working on this paper.
probably $.04... just a guess.
2011 is when I became what I wanted to be when I grew up. Well, technically I wanted to be a storybook CHARACTER, but potatoes potatos.
I like a MAN with a future and a past
well someone should! It would be so EPIC!!!
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN !?<3 it would make all my dreams come true!:D
Aww that's soo cute!:) have fun!
Make sure u get Ur copy of
already done baby =)
Just waking up !!!
real upset right now
gonna be up late...smh
First day of filming!
sounds good!
they said what you said was rude and that bullying doesn't just happen in middle school. It's not necessarily shit talking
4 am on Paris #WTF i still up ... Need party .. Call my girls and go out .. Chillin at the bar ? Like last night
I'M GETTIN' PAPER :P
Tragic for regional art community. Wish they could be talked into keeping the web content at least...
Malya works with KOFAVIV, whose members are women originally from rural areas and survivors of violence.
Yes, that's "conductor hair" all right! :) Can't wait to hear what Dante Anzolini will do with the same music.
HAS A BUNCH OF NEW SONGS COMING SO STAY TUNED!!!!!!!
Back to these bitches following my timeline!
Lol just got asked who my celebrity crush is and y? Well Taylor Lautner and just because of his personality. :-)
reading my tweets
When you baby sit for someone and they come home on time >>>>>
better...thanks! Circulation issue.
when you have finally managed to put machines inside of people who find themselves living inside of machines... wold of wires - opens 01/06
idk he hit me up today we suppose to chill tomorrow if the doctor say its cool for me to be out
Parents just left to go clubbing.
Cool! RT : Heartland Actors Repertory Theatre to restore "Shakespeare on the Canal" in 2012,
Sometimes I feel like I'm more mature than my mom is.... Turning up the tv as loud as it can go to drown out my brother
All my followers: If you like great comment and beautiful photography of (mostly) French romanesque churches then follow:
In this business it is so important to handle your business. Otherwise your name is compromised.
Babysitting Gunner tonight 🐶
wow never thought of just one favorite PGH athlete, but seeing as my nickname was inspired by Casey Hampton, Snacks it is!
My favorite queer theorist at the moment is Angela Chase.
“: Your body is a temple. Mine is an amusement park.”bahaaaaa I wanna see u:)
Congrats! Looking forward to seeing you back on the mound. RT First bullpen today!
is such an inspiration, she's got it together ya'll!
i wanna get a job at finishline
This is the most comfortable pair of underwear I have ever worn.
yes truly impressive.. Simplicity, his style statement.
Just recommended bit.ly/p9upqY elsewhere as offering some interesting connections between craft and contemp. culture, fwiw.
Nice. Who are some of the arms you've been most impressed with?
"Someone can hurt you more than you deserve because you love them more than they deserve"
Can you people please stop sending me links to your reverbnation mixtapes? Why don't you get a deal the old fashion way and bend over?
What's this I hear about David Robertson??
Follow Angrey we makin moves
Place is nice enough. Been here 1.5 years. People are nice. No major problems Or none u wouldn't expect with being close to Uni.
I can't be in a relationship where you make me more mad/sad than happy..
We have a few gifts that Toys for Tots never picked up - would love to see them go to some kids in need. Call us if you can use - 274.4595.
Hello, hope you guys are doing well
Thanks for the stories! I've always wanted to b on a TV set 2see how things work. So I appreciate the behind the scenes look
NILLLEEEE“: I do miss the nile.”
Does anyone know where Sophie went?
LeBron missed the clutch gene and got male pattern baldness instead
Thanks for voting and sending out the reminder to vote!!!
I keep buying fast food & my phones bills due in a few days.
laying down bout to hit the hay
they hurt the worst really bad
shouldn't that put him in a much higher tax bracket?
I just saw the DM today! My phone didn't notify me, I will say boy guessed it.
interesting. seems like issues could have been avoided with more monitoring/research from Council, etc.
that is lovely.
Only 2 hours until college footbal kicks off!
You hate Humphrey? No.... He's different in Sabrina. Sort of. I think there's a beauty in his sameness.
Watching another soccer game, freezing my butt off
ya know I live in west Virginia :P u all should come visit sometime
"Good habits r not made on birthdays-The workshop of character is everyday life-The uneventful & commonplace is where the battle is won/lost
for all *I* know you *could* be a terrorist!
(sideeye) um yeah...
It will be interesting to see who goes tonight.
great article! Lots of good stuff in there.
Oh good! RT : Looks like St. Thomas Aquinas anti-abortion group will be able to apply to participate in Hampdenfest.
“: You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours. #GirlFacts”
"...and whatever the community response is, I think it is appropriate."
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Like u
Uh..young lady, where have you been??? :0)
Awesome tango night at The Beehive! Cool place.
checking in on the education-focused #Apple event...
another beautiful day on the waters of alamitos bay! who is up for a sunset ride?! call or email us to reserve! 562-546-2493
are you mad?
We've dubbed a dinosaur a scutosaurus. Or as Kenneth Branaugh says: scoot-a-saurus.
at the moment, I use flip to introduce novel...introduce terms that will come up in discussion...ie protagonist, etc
thanks Willy! Finally a resident of SF again so let's plan a hang out session soon
Oh the DRAMA!!!!!!!! Being a Momma is drama drama..drama...
yes, we are sending a delegation! Never ones to turn down a party...
I don't actually know ahah! I follow quite a lot of people and just tweet a lot?:)
Yea budyy!!! Front row at the concert at the fair
aw wat you was on
Haha thank you=]
i hate when ppl just be walking in my room, bitch knock first!!
Love the #aprilfools initiative by This is going to be a 4/1 on the network... Might be wise to simply not log on.
Flatbread Feature: Grilled Chicken, bacon, provel over marinara Soups: Korean Pork & Vegetable or Raspberry & Blood Orange Gazpacho
I concur
on it
Angelica Huston playing Buck Hunter may be the best thing in 6 episodes of this show.
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is? I'm thinking 91... ??
Probably a good thing. Not sure the Olympics is ready for God Save the Queen.
#teamfollowback I follow all who follow me!
Are u from Australia ?
if thought I was gone you were wrong, I will be back to spam some more!!!! >:)
The tweet. That you made. Remember?
Thank you Yvette! Don't forget to like on Facebook! :)
We are who we are until the day we die
grey connections. Thanks
James Harden a fucking monster
Why do girls hate on guys so much. #Letsbehonest the reason your single is because you're a judgemental bitch not because all guys are asses
Are you going? RT : Fun rides, Cartoon Camp, Creative Corner, and much more tomorrow at Kid-A-Palooza tomorrow!...
they can still be in the ol tummy.
On the way to for drink and doodle
Brandon Marshall has been traded to the Bears
Libin it all night in pjs
The fancy clowns are the most frightening.
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day?? If thats you Come join us for prime rib and $5 moo ritas.... and our wonderful staff....
hey you! haven't been here in days. i'm alright.:) how 'bout you?
Summer colds are the worst!!! I can't breath and I keep sneezing! Not the biz
Fearing people is a dangerous trap,but trusting the Lord means safety- Proverbs 29:25
Check out Roots of Love by Harjant Gill winner of the #AAA2011 Best Student Film. A fascinating look of men and grooming among the Sikh.
#IThankGod for his amazing #Grace. I was so lost but now thanks to the blood of Jesus, i am found and i am free!
twin language for those in the #7%
Boring ass night :/.
My Twitcon won't change no matter how many times I update it!
Enjoying the bit about #JeffBuckley who crossed paths with the author in NY in #TheBookofDrugs by
Tip #155: Good players answer the questions. Great players question the answers.
My bro knows him, were on EFF board together. His work is fascinating, outside my expertise, but worth struggling through.
Monsters Player transaction update: D Kyle Haines has been released; #10 C Ryan Harrison has signed with the team
who are you hoping to win?
I've been patient for what, 12 years? I can't believe I bought this game...
Man for real MCA being gone fucked up my day.
#slpeeps what is your method for getting carryover to happen? My old methods don't seem to be working as well?
RT OMG WAIT AM I TRIPPIN?????? I THOUGHT TODAY WAS MONDAY???? WAIT WHAT DAY IS IT? 1 minute ago from web
I GOTA DIG BICK... WRONG READ DAT... YOU READ DAT WRONG TOO
I am the Jonas brothers.
Women should not be underestimated
"It takes a good man to prevent a catastrophe and a great man to make use of one" Richelieu 3 musketeers By Duma
I lost my train of thought. But whatever it was, I was excited about it.
RT Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
Plaintiffs' law firm is seeking experienced legal professionals for its personal injury practice. Apply at
Getting ready for a BURNING NIGHT OF JAZZ at my gig: Allerton Hotel 701 N Michigan Ave, Chicago. 7-11pm. No cover, $10 parking validated. ;)
Call 321.287.0670 for table reservations. They are selling out fast! $100 bottles of Ciroc all night long #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
i agree, a lot pro's and Con's
Movie recommendation is Tupac Shukar in "Poetic Justice"
Follow for updates and special offers!!!
I will bring the bread :)))
just made a new video ....get on facebook or youtube and check it out
In bed exhausted had a great time now to rest and get ready for BMTH tomorrow :-) whos going ?
Yes, that's where they belong.
Busy preparing for this upcoming Legislative session.
Drafting a top DL at #6 sounds great, but then I remember the names Courtney Brown and Gerard Warren [shudder]. Esp. D'Quan Bowers.
But for some reason I don't want this year to end...
Don't run with scissors
It's officially National Career and Technology Education Month! A whopping 17,000+ students are enrolled in NISD CTE programs.
Wanting those who want to be healthy and live a full life, send me a tweet!
LMFAO that awk moment.when hailey goes to the premiere and sees cody and.kylie.lol hailey SIT
Looking at weekend library hours & wishing I had opened that late night library that serves alcohol when I first thought of it...
follow back please? (: xo
yea I had to get me in a quick nap
you're my arbiter of all things celluloid ~ i look forward to your take on DARK SHADOWS!!
same thing happened to me last night. Give it a day, it'll pass.
I love a wedding! Congratulations to Christine & Joel and Brook & Chuck! It's going to be a beautiful day :)
Looking at the number of tweets about him, its safe to assume we caught Kony...right?
I feel so loved right noww.. Not.
RT : Best Actress Spirit Award goes to Michelle Williams for My Week with Marilyn!
Houston Hoops drop one to Southern Kings 61-58.
T.I "U Know" track is dah shit. Remind me of my dude
Kind of a 'blank slate' yes?
lol. That seriously made my life.
One trip to & suddenly my yoga+training+spin sessions do not seem sufficient.
RT : To anyone complaining about "unfair" background attacks on Romney: Birthers. That is all.
And Party #1 puts her shoes on and leaves... Party #2 and the hostess are now in play for another day.
Way to go brock
It's important to anticipate success --when we increase aspiration, should also increase resources to support.
Sittin in the bath tub with a green facial mask listening to the white stripes after an amazing weekend... Life is good
If only was a subject at school, we'd all get A+. And if fangirling was a job, we'd all be billionaires.(:
#UPS guy delivers package. Rings doorbell & drops it at the front door, not waiting to see if someone is home.Good customer service or not?
Perhaps the most impressive part of that game was the fact that Cameron and Brett Boone went back-to-back twice in the first inning.
Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce,Child Support (727) 474 9988 \Clearwater Call NOW
how u doing sweetness?
tryna step into the 21st century
Most of them are evil, but "Generalissimo" is an awesome title.
dang, u got married already? lol Just did a bbq with the famlies
when im really upset, i always remind myself that and Mama mahone loves me
Horror survival tip: if you are able to stab the attacker in the back, at least make an attempt to sever their spine.You'll thank me later.
#ForrestGump with #TomHanks get me crying at the end every time
where did you go?
Good luck ameezy.
you have to text. it's a rule.
I'm just sayin' you could do better. Tell me have you hear that lately? -Drake<3 Some people should really take this kind of advice....
#TeamFollowback she follow back
Given the hour, what's there to be learned from the bottom of a beer bottle?
Got a link? Would love to hear some new ish from dose nuckle heads.
please follow she is you biggest fan!35
Omg creeper alert!!! o.O
Let the Lord lead you. Get a copy of On Track to the Kingdom at online bookstores across the nation.
Thanks! I def want 2 borrow it ;) & I'm good :) How r u?
I remember Terry & PEja were 15-16 from 3's that game. Truly a blowout
Brewers are looking good tonight!
Good morning!!! Happy Monday! Don't be too crabby - it's beautiful outside :o)
COME ON, Give us 's WEST COAST TIME!
the cranky egg apologized. his last tweet to you says "sorry man". hmm...bipolar mullet hater?!
Working on "Leadership: The Master Plan" with Bob in our Southern Office.
context: we were talking about footwear. Geeze.
lol, well danm, you really had no choice, im sorry u had to run into a unfaithful ass nigga like me, AND THEN fell in love
Hunger Games was awesome!!
Why cant I have one fucking good day...
i was like 10minutes late for it, I tried to do playback but the option wasnt there :'( fuuuuuuck
yeah I think I watch too much American television lol
I love it how Michael Douglas says "picture" instead of movie. Plus, best hair of the night!
miss u already! Come back soon!!
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
. everything tastes good with Burger King Mayo sauce, dum-dum.
is it possible to cry so much ya run out of tears ???
Im live on U-Stream t.v. radio
#SheWontTakeYouSeriouslyIf You use wack ass pick up lines.
One thing I am learing on my Christian journey, God must be trusted even when he can't be tracked!
Make the girl 16 and you've got a story.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Disaster by ! That song gets me every time.
not me lol
Wishes life came with a rewind button
Gary Smith had won 42% of his games as #Rapids manager and has a 29% win percentage at Stevenage. Let's not go gong show on his leadership.
.'s John Lozier: "Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50."
Tonights show at #ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!:)) Thank you everybody who came out!!!
I got my hood in this bxtch!
SAD. Also, pretty much unnecessary. Flerf.
I will be right there.
good 4 u! Pls keep in mind that what works 4 one person doesn't mean it will work 4 ur hair too. Research n learn "your" hair!
i fucking missed it...
Oh God..oh no...5 missed calls from my mom while I was sleeping till 1.
My constant question w my songs, which I try to mostly ignore, is: Am I Good Enough? Focus on writing not wondering
text me an address to send your money order too cuz I got the check today!
awww wow you are so amazingly awesome! =X <3 thank you!!! and i am not too bad how about you? =))
No School For Me
hope you get better soon dawg, secondary aint the same without you
"People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring."
thanks for a fun conference!
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :)
Yeah! You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot! :) Cool, huh?!
I always eat my breakfast in the car, and throw away my trash when I get to class ;P
well she was an american girl
Shout to all my lost boys, we rowdy!
Good night everyone
after 3 years. #homelessness becomes a lifestyle.
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it.
I like the part when Mr. McDowell slams door in the boyfriend's face. He keeps ringing doorbell and then sicks the dog on him.
You like a bitch wit no ass...
please follow Thanks.
' Once heard that KC ppl are jealous then other states!
QT : Secret life!(omg has me addicted now...:/
Yes the parking gods are loving me! Found a spot on the first pass only a block or so from
want to goto the vending machine but dont feel like speaking to anyone...need a secretary to get me seltzer waters -_-
Bored in physical science, downloading apps on my phone. :)
MY LOVE!!!! I'm back on twitter! MISS YOU!
Um why is "hold on" playing at the movies
Rümi lounge tonight no cover 21+ to drink and party!! I'll be live in the mix this one last time for a month!! Come check me out!!
i LOVE lifetime
i have so many thoughts in my head. one good emotion but many thoughts.
You know just in case I land a part on smash next season LOL!! Hey a man can dream!!!
Short film by local artist Russel Richards will be screened tonight at 10 pm. The film is entitled "Bride of the Fly".
I love Watching Operation Repo
I #dislike being home alone.
The shade.
Sea horse sea shell party, who didn't invite me?
Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand. Scale through networks.
I think they mad cause they BROKE....smh
Never before has it been so important to be grounded and intentional and to know what's important.
But you're cooler than the guys in here!
Followed!! :D
Thank u 2 my followers for the love please show some love to she is new 2 twitter thanks
May you, and Rich and Kate and everybody else have a wonderful Thanksgiving. :D
just kidding. that is the week you graduate. hahaha
Just chilling w/ my hoes love em! Damn today was live but drunk like a mf*
well then lets text silly ;P
Everyone who's been hacked today - please change your password! (and watch out for suspicious direct messages..)
Good Luck! RT : 1st day huge thanks 2 friends who helped me find a new gig.
Does anyone think the 76ers can avoid the sweep...I think the brooms are already out
thanks for following mister!! Hopeless and romantic are not mutually exclusive. Up north is cool dude!
I know it so well..
you up on that too
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.........[=
RT " I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours #losing"
pls let us know if an arrest is immenent!?
Follow or use #1Dimension in your tweet. 3 random entrants will win a new iPad.
On a serious note: Dragon Tattoo seriously deserved that one. Some of the best editing I've ever seen.
can I come, too?
Sounds like Ponderosa Trail Drive is a white ribbon of death. Don't go there. Reports of sideways snow, ice and dolts in SUVs.
" I was a drum major for peace. "~~~Martin Luther King, JR.
Happy Valentines! Thanks for the chance!
Omg! 51!! Hahaha you go, girl!
#breakingnews from a possible bomb threat was called in to the Governor's office today...
-my phone just went ninja on me-_-
Sweet Freedom. . . I don't even know what to do with you!
hey friend! What are you doing up?
exactly..classless team with an ownership that is obviously jealous of #NYG success nd will do anything to get back the spotlight
aye bro rep follow and promote
What It Do, How You Livin
From grant application feedback: "Judge X gave you a 10/10 for cohesion, a 10/10 for execution, and a 4/10 overall." Sweet guy, Judge X.
Dear Austin TX DOT, can you please warn me when my lane is suddenly going to be a turn-only lane? I could have saved at least an hour.
mp3 ringtone maker. it's an Android app
Shut Up And Shoot Me !
What in heavens name is "macronutrient toxicity"?
I start reading someone's tweet, then quit because I'm too lazy to read it..
Heresies define the dogma.
Things are looking SO bright... hello #Spring!
Listen in to the Big Ticket Country Musics next American Anthem , What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com
RUDY, RUDY, RUDY. I could go for some pump and dump sauce right about now.
Gotta have all your bases covered.
RT : Excited as hell to go to the #OrangeBowl tomorrow with Shits gonna be off the meat rack!
beach body... #p90x in a bit ;)
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Lmfao, by the way my friend wants your chocolate ass.
For the love of god will everyone just vote for Rodgers being on the madden cover... i don't want my boo getting hurt
LETS GO PENS! Stop fucking around!!
I really don't believe in anything too earth-shattering . . . I just believe in God.
Part of my toe came of, but it still looks weird.
It's has been a bad 2 weeks for knees.
Kerry Wood is a case of greatness robbed by injury. He truly WAS great in 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2008 and 2010.
If Florida State goes to the Big 12 I wouldn't know what to say smh
I can be your IT department :)
Thanks for the follow Martin!
21 and sunny in Chicago
#LiveKelly what ever happened with replacing Regis? Kelly needs a permanent co-host. She is better as a side kick.
IBM melds crime-fighting, big data analytics in one security package
2012 is an important year for many reasons.Cheers!
Crickets throw their voices.
Im giving weekly lectures at Mareka's in Studio City. Every wednesday night. No cover! Check out my website under EVENTS for details
you do? :p
Our fearless leader is starting her intro. It's going.... Well, it's going.
Just learned we have some serious foreign officials coming to talk w/ our domestic violence task force tomorrow. Reading their bios - whoa!
make no sense, right? but, bball: 'cos coaches (think 80s pat riley) set bar there. baseball: 'cos it's old-ass tradition.
Happy birthday Stewie! can you believe our boy is 4 years old
u dont know nothin bout that old head
Wow....I just pray for them. Lol
Difference in vantage points is amazing, but it's true.
I have no nice words for him or his "unnatural beliefs".
when's your graduation?
both my hair and ankle were messed up that day.
^_^ did we do this one?
ok fuckin sexy ass bitch
I am not an ornithologist. Your argument is invalid.
Life is a mixture of sunshine and rain, teardrops and laughter,Just remember, there was never a cloud that the sun couldn't shine through.
"Driven" the mixtape drops May 18th!!!
points are dictated by our stats team if they award a goal/assist then it flows directly into the game note 2nd asts dont count
My dog perked up & got really confused watching the Star Wars VW commercial. Then he went back to sleep.
Ab workout at nail salon on 30A. Here w/cousins for weekend
Recorded audio on iPhone hope it is super usable
still haven't got that free sticker
Please RT whatever you find out. Sounds like something parsed together by a Chinese spambot.
Workin all day
Riding the Max train seeing all these tweakers has me looking around for the Intervention film crew
awesome idea Llyod! I hope you'll make other areas part of your travels. Either way goodluck! I hope to enjoy one soon
GTS (Go To Sleep)
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Cotto is fighting his ass off tonight, much respect, that was a close round, I think that was Floyd's round tho 97-93, Cotto needs KO i
I its Sat but the grind do stop much 2 do
Canon G1 X: The Camera Caught Between Two Worlds [REVIEW] - Mashable
One final is done!!!!
Good morning ^.^
THAT is why Kobe is my favorite NBA player. Takes the tough shots, and makes them a decent amount too.
We now have just 6hrs left of our drive towards MUCH warmer weather. By this time Monday we'll be cruising towards Jamaica!!
did i tweet that? (why the RT?); also, those folks have audiences; i'll have to re-read your post to better understand -
On the web: It is uncontrolled
Who wants Colts Cheerleaders in front of Lucas Oil Stadium as you run/walk by?!
Seems like a nice day to fly a kite. Think I'll take the kiddos out after work ... as long as it doesn't rain!
your a mess
Excited to announce we officially have info on 30,000+ Happy Hours nationwide!! www.gotime.com and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
bout to knock out
I'm glad that you enjoy the new song!! Keep rocking out to it!! :) Love,
WOW - Deal with the same bs from mine. Like more than 5 hours at a time w his daughter is asking too much..ug.
that's love
RT Did You Eat It? video by +1 for "Did you have the invisible shrimp from the Gowanus Canal??"
- i meant u n ashlee bean but i mean 3 cuz i forgot christy yea n i dont talk to anyone really but u guys
J/K
love the ear ring
Ha! My craftiness at work.
Thanks for your support
lol :) Maybe you will win one yet! I can send pics :)
sometimes, perversely, you can get a cheaper fare going somewhere else that connects at penn station, then just hop off.
haha yes it's hilarious. Also term contracts exist so that actors couldn't abandon a show in tech.
Tap-N-Burn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area. Licensing & training in 02/12. Email for info. Please RT!
An overview surveys what is covered in an area
Looks like you're back!
#1000GhettoWaysToDie snapping your neck trying to duty wine, hahaha
Exhausted from soccer tryouts. Two hours of conditioning plus an hour of skill practice. Soccer rest of the week then dance over weekend(:
you dumb
LOVE the picks dude!
I'm so glad I got home when I did tonight.
you'd think not but I'm doing research. Heard of a BBQ place called cocos in lemon grove I wanna try.
But seriously, I'm glad you're alright! Living on the edge...
Let's roll! And kick! Get you some kickball this summer: kickball.com/orthunder
“: oh shit I meant dedicated to piece of 💩” lmfao.! Hell yea little biitchhhh
Merry Christmas from www.brewcityonline.com! Blank gray beer pouches are $16.99 through December 31.
RT: Who knew could make bruising so hot ow.ly/i/iAe8
Hahaha, yeah my bank was like, "What are you purchasing overseas?" And I'm like, "Um ... One Direction's album." LOL.
idc hahahahaha he's the boys drummer I had to lh
Hey #PMACrew: Liz & ! are going to take a some time off from PMANation -- sort of a #PMANationVacation....(smile) Have a great summer!!
I love cemeteries at night,great place to walk my dog. Spooky graveyards are a little bit and a little Tim Burton Frankenweenie
Could easily spend every waking minute with you and be the happiest girl in the world 😊
If you like it, I hate it. But if you love it, I like it.
If you owe me money, don't call me and ask if I know anyone who has weed.
Oh man I need a computer.
Showing a little #MondayLuv to Thanks for the RTs!
The one thing in this world i hate more than my neighbors... My neighbors grandkids.
There's a twitter account for that: RT : Bryce Harper at bat
#mixed_message chocolate is good for you sugar is toxic
Does watching basketball while singing showtunes put me smack dab in the middle of the whole Kinsey thing?
ORALE! FELiZ CiNCO DE MAYO M.O.J.O. FANS!!! HOPE EVERYONE HAS A DRUNKEN GOOD TiME! STAY SAFE AND BLESS UP!!!
No Homework = a good Sunday
5-4 Tigers. The Sux hit a two run homer. Bottom of the 5th.
can I get a RT, I'm gettin drunk.
what you say for that to happen?
Don't worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine. <3
I am so new to twitter. I have no idea what I'm doing but I signed up to follow iZigg, and now found current friends from FB as well.
Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either
“: Ever notice how our minds play tricks on us? Fear makes reality seem so much scarier then anything really is.” -- so true!
follow me please please
Haha just like you!!!!
great to see u today, chk ur email when u get chance, john
explaining patch process for #kohails at non-tech level.
hahah shudduppp c: lololol. i have to edit it!
There's much more to this story <3
When a guy actually carries the conversation >>>
Celebrate the people you love everyday not just today. Happy v day
Did you see it ? I thought it kicked ass!!!
seriously, is it just me, or does The Ticket stream not work anymore?
no lol I hate mine lol
you know it jace its looks awesome and im a huge God of War fan i own all things god of war lol seems i need to add another item
The time has come, we have a huge project to announce very shortly, kickstarter, website, CDs, vinyl, and free stuff from Ranger!
<------can't close my mouth from shock on that one!! lol
Wishing everyone a Happy & Safe Memorial Day Weekend!
The things I would do to be photogenic. My eyes are all closed so I look like I'm sleeping. Just taking a pic, stay open damnit.
I will, yea come check us out, Im gonna come over there for a game too
You can name it, if you house it and get the big guys to approve ;)
We support Stephen Colbert for President
So...my brother has been in town since Friday...wish he'd fucking leave already! I would have preferred to have my nuts cut off than c him
sick. look forward to it
This thunder and lightening and rain in Htown ain't playing. I should have been at my boo house.
wish I was there!
no, i was giving back to my community all day, today at my alma mater HS. & nope, never worked with Jumpstart/City Year :/
Terrible morning and day so far needing a turn around real quick!
Week 4 is already underway...just another weekend of competitive youth basketball throughout Colorado!
anytime (: But i have a question, its not personal its about music.
Venti Black Iced Tea. Round two!!
However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? -Buddha
My biggest role model is my mom Shes the strongest women I know,My sister is stronger than I thought <3 I get my strenth from these 2ppl....
With this tweet, Boys' Latin of Philadelphia joins the world of Twitter.
As an #actor, I am meant to dabble with different themes and genres
Let the improvising adapting and overcoming begin!
Just Baer those sleigh bells ringling, ting ting tingling too..
The kid is singing the National Anthem with at Astros game today.
it's more moving than a quadriplegic
In Dallas and ready for #linked2012! Be sure to stop by the iTriage booth if you're here!!
Ready to get this album finished and out...
Coming soon to the Traditions Room... Reception!
I think the 8:50 am start time is a HUGE benefit. We are the only HS that starts late. Also your principal is awesome! :)
Family roots: an investigation of the effects of upheaval on family systems. By Mindy Thompson Fullilove.
Thank you SO much, Steve, for everything! Because the people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do!
#OUrDay I have great memories of putting together the first ACTV-7 news website with !
im sad that the first election i get to vote in is such a boring election. Z at both candidates 😒
Definitely! What time? Any layover?
(i just said that by accident HA)
lol ! It's so cute(:
Potatoes are gonna' potate.
Anyway to create a custom #wordpress publication status for a CPT? i.e. "Archive" in addition to Published, Pending Review, & Draft
RT The only disability in life is a bad attitude. -Scott Hamilton
Congratulations to Susan Chester!! She is the winner of the My Baby Pajamas April Freebie Friday Giveaway :)
Race weekend! Who's pumped?
So much to do but too lazy to do it.
i like your bio :)
Good morning. Keeping the umbrella close by today.
just do it soon, and make sure you have an indiana date.
s/o to you too sexy
don't get too shittyfaced bridge!
it's okay...there's nothing..
I hope you say that because I know Ricky, not because I want to marry him.
The awkward moment when you walk up to a glass door&the lady inside stares at you dead in the eye...
The lemon creme brule at Boneyard Bistro is just amazing!
Sorry. You bear no resemblance to liver, chopped or otherwise!
yay. We both in club team extremely lonely lol
13 days left of school. :) I'm so ready for summer.
thanks for the follow!
I didn't even know we got a free meal!!! Ahh! Thank you :)
Runyon was HOT today folks. Whew!
Revo planning meeting tonight at True North bar in North Park. Looking forward to seeing the leadership team.
On the whole, 2011 has not been a good year for the global economy.
How did you know EXACTLY what song I was listening to?
SWEET GEORGIA BROWN. (A very different thing than when we say "sweet Oregon green.")
Ahem... RT : “: walking with your friend & randomly pushing them into someone/something .” onto grates in the sidewalk 😄
RT This vocal exercise usually conquered Meg, but John sat as unmoved as the post which is popularly believed to be deaf
My First Stethoscope
Logistics problem of the night 6 bottles of wine and a big screen tv all traveling to 19th st..TV left behind don't steal it!
New wardrobe! Seems like a good year to invest in new signature pieces. Next month I'm filling my wardrobe with COLOR!
Heading back to Boston for Act I run thru of
"Told ya so! Told ya so!"--Afghanistan
Arlington, VA...just outside of DC.
On the road back from #BBM.....Great times....more to come!!!!
Working on new tracks, The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop, People Come From Monkeys and Mercy Brown.
I hate Mondays. :-/
Sorry, Aaron. I am Puerto Rican and die hard NY Giants and NY Jets fan. But You were great player. I respect you a lot.
11 days until REVO San Diego!
Time to see if Narveson has any Nervesons, amiright?
soon enough. You just gotta find time in your busy schedule to hang out with me!
Damn, what I’d do to have you here?
Can't wait to visit tomorrow for Mindy's birthday!!
Ugh I have chicken legs ! How do make ur legs grow fat?
lol she was so weird....she had purple hair !
aw we will miss you here in new York
don't fight lol
I think so
Excited to be working with on some amazing projects
Bartender at has the best stories ever.
Would u rather trip on stage in front of a crowd of 1,000,000 people or lose ur voice 4 one year
I bet it was! Wonder who else bid against Trump. It'll no-doubt be fabulous when its done...
I Dont Know
thats it huh? We need to do something about that....
well we will see XD
About what THIS 64 year old man looks like, cumming with a hard dick inside me.
Dope! Old Skool beat is Tuff!
Who is your best dressed from last night?
you big fanny haha lovin the shirt. Just came out for a few beers in old town. Wow it's hot out 100 out.
do it! Lol
I love you!!<3
Ari Gold is the best character in anything ever, and thats not negotiable
Do you smell what the Rock is cookin!
That NATO shit I'm nervous <<<<<< Lol.
You can borrow them from libraries or other websites, or people that have them or you can buy them. they're cheaper too
Be nice to people on your way up because there are chances to meet them on your way down.
One day I would love to visit the city of Cadiz in Spain. 🎫✈🇪🇸 love my last name.
Photo spam
Read what all of #MLB is saying about the passing of #Jose #Lima here- USSportspages.com
heck yea! Everyone killed it today! Bringing the energy!
The smell of sunscreen and 311 on the radio. Starting to feel like a little thing I like to call #summer :)
FOUR DAY WEEKEND!!!!
awesome yes, BUT a Cardinal, MARK WHITEN hit 4HRs, and 12RBIs and 16 others hit 4HR. Only 1 has ever matched Alberts numbers.
lol yes I did. Why spell check decided to take forget day off? I have no idea :/ smh
same here! Then #graduation!!! I can't believe its over but it can't come soon enough!
Porter Robinson tomorrow ! This weekends line up is soooper legit!
RT Don't text, tweet or type on your phone while driving, please. Please RETWEET this.
Thanks for the follow! I've loved your photography ever since I moved to LA 10 years ago! Best wishes in 2012!!!
why it wouldn't be worthwhile.....
RT : Do you think Mike Woodson is the right guy for the job? (I like Woody...sure why not? Team needs a PG)
haha I'm moving up in the world
I rode for so long today that I'm sore. I may not get to tomorrow.
._. I love food
I have a programming degree, but really wish I had the time and money to study more :)... The technology changes so fast.
I feel lik durin this class is my all time high point of tweeting.
Thanks Jack. I'll make sure to share it with everyone!
"There are two types of smokers in this world, those trying to quit and those who quit buying"
the next two days are gonna suck.
But we're having a heat wave!
CRSS would like 2 thank U all 4 ur continued support, & love @ our events. W/out U all, we wouldn't b here. So we r forever greatful!!! XOXO
you got to be kidding me! paul george should have won with 2 amazing dunk come on people
it's the cocaine!
Haha tell that to the interactive team, who has to do a shot of Tabasco today :)
I DONT GIVE A FUCK IF YOU DONT NEED ME NOW….
Do you have a secret want that you don't think you deserve? Dare yourself to have it. Text You today "I want ____ and it's OK."
LOL, yeah those wonderful curbs! That sucks, poor Athena
That is one smart cookie! RT Bad customer service, supersedes all advertising and marketing. #NCMPR3 (via )
Enjoying a great company outing w/ and Brew Crew
Anthro Professor: "I used to argue that Anthropology was an art, then I realized I could get a bigger office if I said it was a science."
RIP Junior Seau. Sad day. If the suicide report is true, another reason why I can't stand people joking about killing themselves.Its no joke
Congrats to for being Pregnant
I really hope this is not God's answer to my prayer....
And One Russ!!!!
lol...I told him!!!! Seriously, I'm glad its out! What was it?
Merry christmas to all and to all a goodnight :)
Yes it is! I wrote a response paper earlier this semester where I misspelled three different ways.
Topic for Eng 103 is procrastination. I am reading about it while I have done it. I am reading it at the last minuit.
Back from Atlantic City. Came out ahead so that's always nice:)
I have 3 wives now :))
boring elevator music? lol
I did. : Is Chane Behanan the all time leader in UL history for blown dunks?
As always, your RTs are much appreciated!
Mom you're a fucking bitch
On 4/7/1972, VA General Assembly passed a bill to separate GMU as an independent campus from UVA. Tonight we look back at 40 great years.
that was hysterical!! Haha :)
Big Dr. Who fan! How about you?
And in a shocker [to no one], Newsies is now an open-ended run.
the Boston college product baby
In the background...The Richest Girl in the World (1934)
Nice preso on computational thinking by Peter Lee and co. Golan Levin was particularly good with his Art and Code talk. <\ #facsum >
its right by the gray thingy hahaha, omfg i hope they go and sing on that stage for a few songs,
please follow me! I love you handsome :)
On FB - Coaching
God!..#nickiminaj just got robbed by the #Grammys where is #kanye to break in when you need him?
Good luck to our good friend ELM PIZARRO today -- at the MSA audition today :) And Gluck to everyone auditioning!!
Watch a whole bunch of avocados be sent to Zayn in the mail now.. Hasn't he learned from Lou's mistake with the carrots?
I'm bad at responding to most people...
im in school
uh oh your game is scheduled at the same time as another; try again (code 57mjm)
Those babies can't even hold their head up.
Yay! RT : Defensive end Luis Castillo has re-signed with #Chargers, per his agent.
The laptop bag and goodies goes to... !
hehehehe omg wait chat me
im crying..... i couldnt figure out how to listen to the radio thing, i called 51 times in the last 5 mins and its NO USE! D'=
Those who find strength and courage to continue inspired action everyday after the initial inspirational moment(s) are those who succeed.
Best way to print is to select the cues you want to print, copy, and then paste them in to a spreadsheet or text document.
#gorangers RT : Fired up for tonight. Already warmin up in my backyard. Radar gun gonna read mid 80s. Let's do this. Go rangers
no pics till it's on site. This Thursday or Friday.
Reading Breaking Trail A Climbing Life by Arlene Blum
It's a Negro here with a song called "Stop N Go"
Reverend Raven and the Chain Smokin' Altar Boys play tonight @ 7! Come get down with the Rev!
Have an eye for word jumbles? Here's one to test yourself with, "kecsheaecae." Come into U-Swirl today for 50% off once you've solved it.
2k12 best sports gm hands down
12 more days till disney c;
Rehearsal for upcoming movie. Exhausting...Having a few drinks @ Stir NYC. Great selection of drinks.
My wife thinks Ed Reed has 'pretty legs'
Nothing like a good DVD Christmas Day a$$ kickin' to keep healthy!
Good point. Then again, my city doesn't have snow on the ground from October-May ;)
If God had granted all the silly prayers I've made in my life, where should I be now?
Something most fans dont understand i think. Cliffy was an institution. Well said
This summer i look forward to __________
STOP Texting While Driving! Go to Web Sitebelow-Join Now-Sign up as Customer$100/$49mo Call 1(877)477-SILK Save Important Lives w/Knowledge!
What the frack?
I know why everyone is so excited today! Today is exactly one month until my birthday! Oh and I guess it's cool that it's
Matt Barnes starts are officially events now. Been a while since that's been true of a Sox pitching prospect. Buchholz, maybe?
Looming and growing role of courts -- esp Supremes -- in climate change focus of coming post at climatemediaforum.yale.edu
RT thank you again for the opportunity!! SO excited!! :D go #DC!!
You know who sucks? People that lurk next to you in the self checkout line while your receipt is printing...creepers
Riesling with fresh, juicy, HUGE blackberries = perfectly delish! Esp after dinner of tilapia, asparagus & sweet pot. fries!
I'm such a bad mom, I never did printed baby announcements, or started a baby book yet for my second born. Now he's one.
you're always right Thunder!
Omfg Carry On Wayward Son came on in the car on the way back from Speedway
Tonight ill be at coco xo!!! Vegas style
I took a drug and acohol servey and they asked me if i drink or do drugs and all I thought was STRAIGHT EDGE!! BEST IN THE WORLD! :)
fear is non existent we have peace
No clue what the hell is going on with people the last two days, but it's like somebody jammed a stick up everyone's ass.
S/o to my new followers! Hey guys
I kind of love Battle this week, guarenteed to get the carries as long as KC can keep it close, safer than Torain or Hardesty
Great article in Star on Ron Johnson from NCHS. Needs a nickname tho. How about The Stereo Salesmen or The Dugout King?
“: Ready to be on the field! #southaventourney #pumped #motivated” good luck out there today!!!
“: How is Weaselnation to ever make olympics with such scandals?” You are on fire right now
bish, Y U be creeping my twitter all the sudden?
every Safari crash requires a double restart to come back. I don't get it.
HAHA!!! Made another girl cry!! Telling them one direction ARE gay faggs
u can borrow from me! RT packed up my entire room, left out clothes for the week...too bad I only left out 4 outfits, not 5. Fail
hahaha frustrated is an understatement! I've been looking for them forever
whatsup dude! just got back this week... i finally have the chance to play guitar and stuff haha, how's everything?!
For realizes… Roxy would love that.
#songstoplaywhilehavingsex "It's In Our Hands." by Bjork.
Being bored as fuck by yourself in mcdonalds = making you look lonely
Shout out for a shout out?
Be glad I'm not sharing the pictures and videos. Puppy squeaks are the best.
s/o to my new follower -->
I'm so happy I don't have acne and I have great skin.
Won't be surprised if I drink the whole bottle
just tweeted the new vid! Call me maybe is next on our list!! :)
#YouShouldn't claim someone that isnt officially yours yet..
I have not had a chance to check them out.. I really should go youtube them & have a listen
went to a "club" in the valley for the 1st time in years. ran into a girl who tried to make-out with me a few months ago at a bar in austin.
Watching Golden Girls. Hard to believe that three of the four are gone, but live on in television.
Join us tomorrow for our fundraising event. Paula Deborah, will discuss her role on
Tre Arrow just provided a very coherent and eloquent vision of sustainability, and would work with orgs and coalitions, even if not elected
Got One Direction's new album in the mil today. Now i shall blast my music till midnight :D
Use social media as part of your business' sales process, find your market through the social networking sites.
square root of 69 is 8 summ , cause I been trying work it out .
What a gorgeous heaping pile of yarn that is.
them Penske boys always run well at Bristol! Rusty, Kurt and now
Sick of just sports in my feed! Anyone know any good Porn Stars to follow?
Really in a bad way about this one.... Too damn young....
Just picked up my graduation robes. I want to cry.
Earth Day is a great time to reflect on our efforts to keep our planet Green! What are you doing to be #Green?
I just let my Mind wander, but it didn't come back yet.
Man looking at a computer all day at work can really drain you I swear....
There's almost nothing worse in life than a Maroone commercial.
The oldest wetlands preservation site is 22 years old! What?
I'm torn! I want to hang #8 but then I realize that this is the last time these players will play ! There almost like my own kids!
it will never happen again!
20 - 30% off unique handbags at Tous all weekend. W.tous.com
I watch #AroundtheHorn and see unbiased intelligent sports media men in Smith, Ryan, and Cowlishaw and wonder how Woody Paige is still on.
Gettin' down to business at Starry Nights!
Our web site is now up-to-date with all forthcoming shows for 2012, and we're still booking! See you tonight in Dayton? :)
Unfortunately not. :(
Fifteen variations on a simple theme, m'dear. #oprah's legs are not
dunno. readers appvisory?
Speak English or Die! From a massive heart attack...
let me ask some fellas you ever had a girl that was so right and when it went all dark she showed to the light and if they ask if she bad u
Turn To You is perfection!
Even if you're right you're still a little bit wrong.
I miss you both also!!!
Standing next to Tommy Chong in Starbucks. He's wearing a weed themed sweatshirt.
hello from Columbus Ohio thanks for the follow hope all is well :-)
Hey sexy, now following you!!!
Mom & Dad Tried To Hide The Boys , I Swear That Just Made Em Want Me More
u should follow me now
black bean burgers & Labyrinth :)
I can't wait until senior year! :D
Yes, yes I do love salsa.
do you still watch the contest videos that people made for you?
Just don’t give up what you’re trying to do. Where there is Love and inspiration, I don’t think you can go wrong. -Ella Fitzgerald
when are u not high? lmfaooooo ;____;
Thank you for the mentions:
Stay tuned for an upcoming announcement of how YOU can help and be a part of Hierosonic. We have two words for you: STREET TEAMS!
thank you for the #FF love! We are getting mad props on the new wrap on the
Happy Hanukkah! Be careful out there tonight...after that first menorah candle gets lit, those Jews turn into some rowdy assh*le sonb*tches.
I knew it was a bad idea giving you a ticket.
I'm a tweeting bitch!
ha thanks! Just twittered the right one... thank you again for the support.
Abundance is not something we acquire. It's something we tune into. ~
“: NCAA Semi-game putting a test to & Foul or Defend - Victory for ”
I don't know, maybe I'll have to throw in some General's!
twinkle toast
So are we!
Let me know how the online book read goes! I'd love to hear how parents respond to the material. Thanks!
A Lot Of Help
I mean I like to debate sports. It's MY JOB! I get paid and I don't do it as brash as people on here. I'm not #TeamSpurs ....
Reading is equivalent to thinking with someone else's head instead of with one's own. - Arthur Schopenhauer
Cleaning up the mess from yesterday :D idk wht happen :))) should I remember.. I'm finding condoms everywhere lol
QOtD" I just found a breathalyzer tube in my work bag" The LYZER strikes again! Great Purchase.
Get that car clean for the weekend 80's...hot!
Good to be out of Iraq. Now cut the defense budget! If we cut it by 43% like proposes, it's the same as the 2003 budget!
What I wouldn't give to be playing softball right now
Q2) Who, in terms of job types and experience levels, can use Viralheat?
Haha! That's quite the lofty goal. Are you into Emotobooks?
Fill in the blank: I love Fridays like a _____ loves _____.
Once you have a little taste you'll want more.
Vodka has no carbs
well u subscribe to my phone n u barely TWEET
My dear friends, thank you for feeding my passions and obsessions!
Agreed: looks like Steven held his own! (Nice RL duds.) What's next? Why not The Amazing Race for you two?
Ready for a fun day out and about
too funny. Geeking out by example.
Good, helpful information.Thanks.
#1DSmashedSNL night night lovely's have a directed day in my home town ;)
Warrior come out and playyyyRT : ME TO
I wonder if they sent Ortiz to the showers up 7-1?
The President knows where to go to get the youth vote:
haha, that's awesome
Getting ready to head swimming I wonder were is?
its my mom but i dont kow why it says her name cause its my email and account
14 days until the unveiling of Team Hoyts commemorative painting..Purchase 1 of 300 signed lithographs. Contact $299.
Thx for the coffee ! Good times
been watchin lincoln heiqhts ALL DAY & never qave this show a chance, but im qlad i have netflix cause im addicted & im on the 3rd season.
RIT hockey's getting started on CBS Sports right now. Channel 1027 if you're on TW in
18 more days :)
yoU guys should follow for all the stuff he does for u guys.
in Wisconsin low A
I love more than he loves me!:D
Somebody took the A/C out of ACM! Waiting for the repairman but in the meantime it is hot in here!!
thanks - and looking forward to it!
worked on beatz all day..hard work
Honk Honk (soundtrack to sexual harassment)
Listening to a Lunch Marketing webinar with and !
good! Jealous of you meeting hahaha
After Delonte West's wet willie on Hayward, I'm betting Chase Budinger will be on the lookout for an atomic wedgie tomorrow.
we close @ 10. Sunday's we do token count & I stayed to help. & it takes a while
Frame Ben Franklin
Woo Hoo! Can get conceal carry online now. Go, Calibers!
Good Monday morning to all! Make it an alkaline week... eat fruits and veggies and drink high pH alkaline water always!
Great to find you on Twitter, thanks to Ru. Congrats on all your success!
B.I.B.L.E = Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth
Looking forward to seeing you guys in BsAs, will look forward to hearing abt the rest of the trip!
Dance on my heart.
THIS IS SOME FUCKING BULL SHIT
Also, mens game will follow at 8 vs Simpson. Students, we need you loud and rowdy for both games!
In its day, Life of Pi was as celebrated as #HungerGames. Let's see how the movie compares.
Whether you think you can or think you can't - you are right. ~Henry Ford
God bless you, Sister.
I feel unsafe drinking Nashville water.
lol you have to read them then write a very long detailed report....I'd rather watch them or write a song
ah!!!! Obsessed already.
I need a Lizzie sesh soon.I have lots on my mind,and you are the best to talk to.i can't wait for our next skype date.
I'll be there. Even guys like $3 pinkberry.
Im trippin out cause I don't have my earphones!!!
#10FavouriteChrisBrownSongs Sweet Love, Wet the Bed, All Back, Turn Up the Music, Crawl, Strip, I Love U, Say It With Me, Deuces, No BS ❤
love the new track! Thanks for posting
me: I should probably go study now, I have so much going on this week. twitter: LOL NO.
If your into sports, and want to know about every black athlete that ever played sports. Check out my boys site... www.arhenetwork.com
April bring Showers but not Snow Showers PLEASE!
I can be your hero baby
ha! Delayed response yes:)
I know! I am so thankful they left the phone in the car. Careful when you go to the beach!
I'M TIRED TODAY.
I get to see my little cousin Cailtyn today! Hopefully she can play barbies with me.
Amazing. So want to steal that.
Hairless is Best
Creating a Corporate Social Media PR strategy - Many companies don't know how to response to negative comments in their Social Media posts
what's ?
RT We can forgive a child whose afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when ppl r afraid of the light. - Plato
omg i would absolutely buy some. so delicious.
Wonderful to visit with Tracy Stober and Clark Sorenson of JKS today, and to meet other Koreanists!
My Statistics face.... O.o
Rocking my Money Gettin Kids shirt to skew todae s/o to Damon Steen #MGK Clothing.
#justpainted my nails and probly not going to school tomorrow!
How you gonna take a pic of yourself in a dirty ass mirror?
hi =) no i didn't! i'll have a looksy for it in a bit! miss yo face boo xo
I am forever playing phone tag.
"Using Pinterest to Market & Promote your Wedding Business" sounds like a great topic for #weddingmarketchat!
How do you explain Twitter to your mum?
Ha! Drinking and golfing go great together!
LUXE looks like penny land....
i miss ya girl :/
We discovered that...88.9 has way more music.
I tried calling Jenny, but I didn't know her area code. 867-5309, ha now you have it stuck in your head!
Go #Browns !
I know and he has
#ASECS12 Speaking on "The Apple, the Grape, and the Orange Crate: Snappy Fruits and Pungent Poems for Rectilinear Environments"
& they all speak greek so I have no idea what any of then are saying & its so annoying I'm like wtf I speak english!
Akaya Windwood, president/CEO of Rockwood Leadership Institute, is about to begin her conversation on leadership in 262
Everytime I hear that song, it makes me feel good to know someone like you. GN :)
Jokes about German sausage are the wurst.
hey man thanks for following! :)
I remember,how can I forget?you were my first time,a new feel.
Exciting news about next season coming soon!
Dayton, Akron, Canton
Recording vocals for the new songs tomorrow!
Getting ready to hang with today. Oh yeaaaahhh
You never know what to except on #gossipgirl. Such changes throw you for a loop. I love it.
who are you
I can't play guitar, and yet the fact that Rickenbacker stopped making left-handed guitars a few years ago really hurts my feelings. 🎸👎
Why are web sites for churches usually awful?
Really bummed I missed this convo.
how can i be down ? lol
Large construction crew tearing up the street right out side my office today in SF. Ugh.
So proud of Paisley for getting into DAAP! Congrats! xo
is makin banana nut bread :)
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
with dragons and a 16 year old boy that meets NaLee and they go off on adventures
Good point.
let me count the ways..ENJOY! Can u say Chocolate And TEA???
#3WordsForYou live learn love.
that's the major hurdle of writing a movie about truth. It's hard going middle ground in that area. Polarizing issue.
You can say that again...
Haha! I beg to differ!
Thanks for responding. Please send a resume and brief cover letter to
P.I.L.'s first single in more than 20 years, "One Drop," is actually pretty great.
I want to start all my stories with "so I was dipping this girl in guacamole..."
Just spent 400 at the mall cause its sunday ..polo dis polo dat snapback levis i got all of dat
RT : thank YOU for the wonderful food. I just had dinner and the blog made me hungry again. - BONUS BURGER!
Sexy! ;P
or for sale if you want
A lot of Colts fans are calling for Caldwells job .. Is he responsible for this and should he be worrying about his job???
i know a great book when it changes how i see the world; at church in burbank kept comparing it to oasis! Hollywood Faith!
sure could always use a cpl more! Where do you live?
RT : RT : Follow for the latest on NM Politics.
Happy Birthday
Seeing what you eat and drink will help you examine your eating patterns and food habits.
#dalailama "w/o trust, how can we have friendship? Wo friendship how can we hve Cooperation? Wo cooperation how can we take care of world?"
Let's trend
I'm doing that to are you doing the rooms?
I'll add that! thank you.
One year later and co-worker still does not know how to pull up our website. "It won't come up." "You have it up. Click on the home icon -"
Lol one of my fav tweets!!!RT : If I was to have a sextape or even pics "leak" I'd promote it like a album lmaoooooo
water in my phone....fantastic. y must it always, ALWAYS rain in Chancellorsville?
I fail to understand Jake's Bachelor-based decisions. I pray he is not so indecisive as an airplane driver.
I don't care what anybody says, I like Billy. He Is the #Oscars to me.
they know
What did he do?
What do you want to talk about? You haven't made it easy you know.
I was thinking how awesome it would be if you had s app! ;)
Depends on the position, but it usually takes me a couple of hours to a day. I try to keep my resume up-to-date, though.
well it is pretty much the best soup and soup is also my favorite food.
Thanks for the love!
Just got an instant upgrade to the VIP suite at Big Dance
I forgot he follows me on twitter now blahahaha
I'm sick of the universe telling me what to do! Yes, I asked for a sign on what to do, but 3 signs in the last 2 days? What??
true but your so beautiful I can even imagennnnn a dude going u dirty!!
can you check out www.youtube.come/SashMarie97 please? I'm going to post more videos soon :)
Poor College Students...Why are you so poor?
#GWU, come to Pesto in #GWJStreet to see what Chef Uotila from Finland is cooking up today
I'm intrigued. Is Darryl Hannah in it?
I'm looking forward to seeing #TheHobbit w/ its 48fps. Anything that will cram more information into my brain than it can handle is ok w/ me
I'm City Like Them Other Folk.. But I Ain't No Average Joe.
WE THE PEOPLE Elected the Officials who Passed Laws to Lock-Up Millions of Humans -- Now Let Us Elect Officials to Unlock 10%
stay down...work it out.... until you come up
In the last wk, I've wrapped up a job, gone to a Mac & tried a new twitter client. New year, new adventures. Glad to be back w/ y'all, tho.
I like tweetin on a phone its better than on a laptop ima tweet what I'm doin every hour for u guys.ty guys you made my smile more confident
Eff. Itunes just deleted every app on my ipad2 wtf apple. Itll take hours to get them back.?Ur prgrming is shit. Thats why i jailbreak
If I was going to change my last name it would be "boudiette" (). How cool is that?
long, but good day. golf, work, friends, and family.
Kobe u be iiigghhhtt
Thanks. And that's what you get for listening to GOP naysayers!
#fridaylistens Finished A Trick of the Light by Penny - an excellent addition to the series & started I am half sick of Shadows by Bradley
naw I was trying to get one at my base but I didn't have my 5 skill level yet ... But y'all got 135s out where u at tho???
Gonzaga was in 5 different clips during one shining moment. Pretty awesome. A team that could play with ANYONE in the country.
Is happy to announce the launch of our new Friday and Sunday discount program!!!
May the 4th be with you.
RT : Have you checked out our new themes for the 5 Days of Techweek? Each day emulates a phase of the startup life cycle....
Hey! We're an organization that connects fans to bands that have saved their lives. We work with The Cab! Check us out? :)
Always nice to find out some idiot tried to break into my house last night. I hope I catch them next time
Coworker: You act?, Me: Yes., Coworker: Did you have to makeout?, Me: Not while I was acting, but I've made out with other actors...
Love these! I may just spend some time playing around during my vacation..
Recover/Recoup RT Good Morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend and is ready to rock out the week!!
thanks! Oh I wish I had the force!
As a Nuggets fan I would love to see Dwill go to the East.
Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico - Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson 's trash int
working for that cash machine
Whats up My Fellow
My cat turns 10 this year too! Joint party? ;)
“: dave guetta is 44 yrs old” and your point is?
Songs: "Suddenly C3PO," "Fett Me," "Mushnik and Twin-Suns," "Somewhere That Hasn't Been Blown Up Like Alderaan"
I have a 120 or 140 gb drive? One of the two.
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I&#39;m commin&#39; at ya.
your welcome
enjoying your date?
stop going to Vegas and come to Nashville chica!
"Oh sweet, Coldplay" - too many people
Im So Ready To Get These Tattoos In About 3 More Weeks!
Tonight, you may all refer me as Mike 'Ball So Hard' Martinez.
RT Thank goodness there is always someone on twitter to correct you. << Oh, you mean :-)
Cody Simpson licks t pains butthole
crazy night!!! Puentez is killing it!!
#IfonlyYouCould save me from boredom
...Cont: Like for example matches like Alundra blayze vs Bull Nakano for the woman's championship belt?? Those were actually good!!
Baha ok so when I just typed Baha my iPod changed it to Bahamas hahaha! And I'll share my snacks with you!!
Off to to see perform the new Terry Riley violin concerto. Very exciting!! I hear Terry will be there. Go!!
Thanks! I've been looking forward to it but especially so after this week!
omg me either!
Tim, No question RT : Your choice of future HOF power forwards, RIGHT NOW on your team who you taking, K. Garnett or T. Duncan?
Just finished my Planet Sub Hat Trick special for dinner. Thanks !
First Take is going to be wild tomorrow
Wow, Osama Bin Laden is dead. Wow.
yes and what's happening to a degree is those "silos" separating old skool ARG from other forms are breaking down...
Must end the day while it's still today. Tomorrow will be better for it. Goodnight, world!
Baker " powers 9 of the 10 top #saas providers"
Drinking wine after a rousing game of checkers and uno with Doo. I heart wine. M wine. Makes my brain mushy and warm. Hurray!
Thanks for following our blog! Let us know if you ever have any article suggestions
All start up business's will take a little time to build clientele but you must keep working!
Yes, sounds like you are having a good time! Now Colin is living there too!
haters are my motivators
Today is the first day of my performance internship at Redmoon Theater! Pretty hyped!
Taylor swift is making songs about my life, i'm pretty sure.
what are everyones top 3 suggestions they would tell a beginner just strarting out in day trading???
I love the Milwaukee Brewers!!! #winorlose!
But wasn't Puck also busy with the lemonade?
so many good bands on the one day I can't listen to your show! :P
This screen is so small 
Another commenter notes research on adolescence extending into early 20s and how that affects what new lawyers are doing.
I can't even get to the house because there's not enough gas in this car.
RT : Just finished reading #agencyblueprint - lots of great tips for ! Thx - can't wait to implement!
I need sleep. Gnight all!
"Not a zero sum game - We are not asking this country to focus on #YMOC at the expense of girls." Victor Saenz, UT Austin
o.... forever alone
Thank you for the mention!
LMAO. Early Xmas present.
I've got a year until graduation and I'm trying to figure out what to do to make that year matter.
We hope you enjoyed your brunch today! Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Anyone who says he can see through a person is missing a lot. ~Groucho Marx
Just spotted a pee-pee teepee. Yep.
The largest yet most fragile thing in the universe: The male EGO
I dunno, I don't think any of those are gonna clinch it.
haha. Yep, tis me. Did a project for a class, and ended up starting a blog. Help me get followers!
I want to congratulate Charlie Strong on getting the head coaching job at Louisville. Thanks for the great years in Gainesville.
Gcb is the worst show ever... so far.
whod have believed Hawks would not win a po game @ the UC
Lol, it's so sad it's beautiful! *sniff sniff*
That is worse than BO. We are using it to trap fruit flies right now.
One of our new clients, J. Mozeley Interior Decorating, will be launching their new website in April. Details coming!
Hm I wonder were and surfing together this morning??? Because they both posted pictures of them surfing 😏
Today's guest is Jordan Goodman... decades of helping Americans improve their financial situations. We can all use that help! Join us!
Really? Spam on Twitter? That's why I left Facebook!! Sorry to everyone who got spam from me!
daymmm how many followers do u have right now?
Holy crap.
Yeah I hate those $10 scratch cards, you always have so much hope for them, but they end up being a big time loser.
Sitting on the dock of the bay...
Thanks man! We'll be recording soon, sorry for the late reply
And thanks! Let me know what you think.
Nice! Good luck :)
RT : Great Photographers!!!
Automatic music or sound effects on blogs: bad idea. Y do people do this? If it doesn't scare me to death I usually leave bcuz its annoying
SO TELL ME HOW THE BOYS "HATE" AMERICA AGAIN?!
Come on! We want to see the Bears and Tebow! Christmas movie? Really?
I love , but she is killing me with all these DP Dough photos. Like I'm dying. Dead
What is stopping youv
getting pumped for Huskies vs. ASU tonight at Wing Central tonight!
our magazine spent 2 years living and working with the homelesson skidrow and we've worked with the homeless all over
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Sewing News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
absolute vodka & jst put the skittles same color in them & let them dissolve in there & the color changes & it should taste
Burn off that bad lunch at The Super AbMaster tonight & then&630PM tomorrow. Need personal training? Visit Shop.JoAnnaWardFitn ...
Uh yeah sure, one thing..do you know coding?
Sorting books -- cracked myself up saying goodbye to _Goodbye, Columbus_.
ok no prob; not sure if Barsa's there- I guess it wouldn't hurt to check- we are only 3 blocks apart
being in ministry means I forfeit the right to be stupid.
Cause if you let me here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you. I've loved and I've lost. <3
lol. Russia! ;) I'm tempted to but I don't wanna ruin it! But may seems so far away :/
- word is that you can expect a more satisfactory "official" response from Dell soon Re: Copenhagen incident
Anthony Davis wore a hoodie on Kimmel...a polo to Derby...we need to get this future millionaire a makeover.
My lawnmower is such a bitch sometimes.
or do you hate me so much that hate turns away from hate and turns to worship me
Any advice/tips about the Vinings area? That's where I'm looking right now.
He's shacking up with Jada Pinkett Smith on some B-rated show..
Let the peeling festivities commence... #leopardstatus 👎
and most adults loss there inner child and all creativity
True True True True True
We are bonded and insured with satisfaction guaranteed! Call or email us today! 608-205-8838
Now any XQuery processor that wants to use XAWS has to adapt the hmac:sha1() call. An EXPath function would obviate this.
Loving the #sxsw keynote so far!
great to see you back on the field Louis! Go get 'em man! GO LIONS!
God Hates Us -A7X
Conversation in the hall has now name-checked Charlton Heston in Omega Man, Salvador Dali, Adolf Hitler & Darwin. No idea what it's about.
RT : What is your "money measurement" for your digital museum content? How about # of re-uses?
#itshardwhen your trying to get to the #Lilac festival and it won't stop raining...
Juicy J is hecka funny mane
I can eat macaroni everyday lol :)
And Media Gamechangers w/ , &
I wonder if he thinks about me as much as I do about him <|3
hahaha absolutely!!!! (now I want to go to Ohio!!!!)
The only "Super Committee" the President and Congress needs to listen to right now is the one in the streets of America
I feel so blessed to have the ability to fly wherever whenever on a whim. :-)
deffinition of characterRT : The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
Ah! I am seeing so many Cuse updates! Have fun! You should go to Flint and get written up for old times sake! :)
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
Just had some fried fish with hot sauce! Panama is on point right now!
Born to win
wow! Henry VI style
Keller: I read you own 30000 books. Eco: yes, but in my apartment in Milan I keep only 30000.
Do teachers know enough to be able to report abuse? Maryland HB1256 aims to close that gap and provide education.
Money Over Broads
I Think #oomf Likes Me O,o
We shouldn't have to "push" our leaders to do the right thing. That should be inherent in their nature.
I can't believe she's gone... I love you so much<3
TY, Angela, for RT! I wrote and rewrote that post. Hope it makes sense!
I hate throwing up with out expecting it! 😒
you stole that DRAMA line from me, i tweeted it days ago and you should have RTd from me ;)
lol maybe they want you to be their everything and reality suck that they can't
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
Feeling better
Lots of fist pumping in the living room after finding out my Flaming Lips vinyl was so psychedelic, AND signed.
Whoever said money doesn't buy happiness clearly hasn't used that money for a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited.
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
LMBO...I know my sense of humor is horrible!
Sound waves travel through the air, it hits our ear drums but we also feel it on our skin and in our bones. Nina Wise
The Sheraton Keauhou Bay Resort & Spa Sheraton is undergoing an extensive property renovation effective January 2012.
will do!
It's thursday so We're bloggin' and designin' and SEOin' and Twitterin' and facebookin'
When will the suffering and pain go away. I just want to leave forever. I'm in tears. Why me.
#ShoutOut to all of our new twitter followers
Omfg its over and done with!! Get over it! U dnt have to deal with it anymore!!! U just want to start drama!!
Hi Mark, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Leave it to Marmol...
hehehehe It's stuck in my head too.
yes He is more than able!!!
no way your a rock star !
I've come back to follow Terry Teachout twitter opera rehearsals from Santa Fe. Convergence culture indeed. Next: an opera in 40 characters?
It's only thursday tomorrow. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
I am MLIS student working on similar issues. Look for study with Arnone, Small and Reynolds on PCIS from Syracuse University CDL
Okay.. I see you getting your pirouette on!
spoken like a true HAITIAN!! lol
Does God Really Want Us To Fear Him/Her
What i just found made my morning :) <3
its my grandmas birthday. happy birthday grandma! <3
The first story-workbook™ offered by our firm is PERILS OF A HIGH-TECH PAULINE – BMW's and Stock Options vs Your Inner Light
is my new favorite person. Thanks for the interview on Show 404, Thanks, Larry.
#Merry&Bright opening day! Enjoy family crafts 11 - 2, and a performance by the Mobile Millennium Carillon at 2pm.
I stayed with my parents and I met up with some of my friends that live down there
Yum! I love ricotta gnocchi! So much easier to make than the potato kind...and tasty, too!
Congrats to first demonstration sites: Cedar Falls, Mason City, Spencer + Waterloo! Entire state of Iowa is next!
When the aid workers leave, that will be the end of
I gotta go to Mrs.Koumis's office right now.
We are playing three shows this weekend in Raleigh, durnham and virginia beach ! Anyone coming to shakas on Sunday hit us up !!!
but next, I'll want to marry my dog. I HOPE THAT'S OK!
Today is first day of move-in for new freshman. So excited to see so many new faces around campus.
we can provide a week's worth of day passes... :)
Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait that's what my mom did And I turned out great !!!
what i learned today: it's not a good idea to play catch with water balloons if you suck at catching things. -.-
good morning honey hot and sexy
Even without Kobe, the #Lakers are a lot of fun to watch when Bynum plays like this.
Everybody was Kung Fu Fighting? Everybody? Not likely Carl Douglas, Not likely.
Ewww there's a spider crawling down my wall, who wants to come kill it for me??
Yes, I remember those sparkles, but didn't realize they were for sequel. Do you have a deadline set for yourself?
I can't wait to watch it!;)
Anger is one letter from danger. When you get angry
why must you two be so dang smart, and i watched that south park episode steve.... Priceless
I'm so sweet 😊 lol
Every one follow the official twitter of Nick Provo >>>
I MISS THEM TOO
we are working on keeping Miami at bay :)
can't wait for #BOYFRIENDvideo 💜 i hope you see this JB 💜
thank u king!!! Honestly, the new handle threw me. I dig it!
spot on thank you
Mario party with Garrett
yes, me too! Just gotta find the right one!
wat up young blood
My mom wants to move to #Hawaii count me in!(:
Mom: How's your arm? Are you gonna have a scar? Me: Yeah. Mom: Ugh, with your scars and tattoos you're gonna look disgusting! Me: ...Thanks.
iPhone just autocorrected harvard to 'garbage.'
you should follow and I'll call you tomorrow and #japaneseglassball! yay Dad!
Do you have a Facebook? I'll add you there
Ah my old hood. How I miss it.
that pic is awesome! I'm in love... :-)
Happy Mother's Day! Its a beautiful day to treat Mom to Champagne and Oysters!
Are you or do you know any military moms? Give me a call at 640-4805 for a story for Sunday's edition of The Herald Bulletin.
I say #theknicksneed a lebron James
Singing this morning!
“: camp announces fmr CIA officer & Bin Laden Unit ldr Michael Scheuer will address April 22 Paul rally in Philly”
FYI youtube video w/ didn't get the whole thing. It started the minute he said #WarOnWomen was silly. Watch the entire segment
Interesting path. How about Jethro Tull (or Steeleye Span for the real folkie touch)?
~47% use non-"sanctioned" sites and devices to supplement training/learning in the workplace! #sociallearn (so i'm not the only one...?!)
are u going to game?
Seriously just saw a woman sporting a George Washington hairstyle.
Christopher Plummer is a lock for Best Supporting Actor #Oscars... Wish "Beginners" was more about Hal's character!
I was there
When you make a purchase with Franki, you'll receive a $10 credit to your French Pharmacie client account to use at your next appointment!
I'm upset because ustream was so short but I'm still thankful that I got to see him. Don't call me fake because I care about seeing him
Props to for pointing out that today's Haring Google doodle also looks like it could spell UTOPIA.
will you be at word camp or code camp!
thanks :) hopefully credited haha
Coffee - GOOD! Swim & Run I'm doing in a little bit - GOOD.... Happy Friday my friends :-)
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 27 minutes. (: TCAs and other award shows r what i always cant wait for. (:
Memorial Day Weekend Kick Off at Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale 241 Drinks til Midnight
this is bad ass!
What i like in my job is lying is part of my job description. I just love sales and marketing!
I wish we never lost to GT tech... That sucked in retrospect...
cant wait for 5pm!!
you are so adorable
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, "Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game. GO!" Team says, "Yay!"
looking fwd to seeing you! If the 12th doesn't work for M maybe another night works?
By age 12, 1 in 4 girls has experienced street harassment. By age 19, 90% of women have experienced it. Unacceptable!
how come isnt in any of the 'Ford Music Videos' ..?
you still in Trenton kidd
RT : A3: We issue a press release posted on our website as well as one for National. We tweet out winners as we go along too.
Looking forward to having a little fun with the Howard Gospel Choir at gospel brunch. I hear the 2 shows are sold out.
Mari gt All in her videos n shit
The thing is, they always try to play it off and act like nothing is going on. Stupid. 2 can play that game.
This is great!
I'm getting nervous that the #GenX session is going to end with everyone holding hands and singing Kumbaya
I like how you're trying to be me friend.
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
Could I be wrong about next weekend? Sure, but this is why I am going warm yet into next weekend! We shall see!!
Glad to hear it! Hope set-up went smoothly and you had everything you needed! Enjoy your well-deserved nap!
Getting psyched for the Bread & Roses Academic Symposium tomorrow in Lawrence!
Year round training Available here @ http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
he's not represented on twitter
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
I just said that we should have it in the US to the account!
“: I named my teddy bear after you, that way I will always have something that reminds me of you”
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it. P.S. I WANT TO STEAL YOUR MUG. cc:
my guess (and experience) is dualistically-designed staff/university policies.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; to acquire wisdom one must observe. Observe yourself as if you're a third party and see what you learn
": Spring fever = wanderlust. All I can think about is the next trip, and the trip after that..." you said it, sigh...
Go Patriots!!! :p
You're welcome. Thanks to your team for all the help on the segment.
I'm home alone after work screaming at my tv. Feels goodman
So...I love when Pitbull says 'uh YES,' for the 3rd time in Dance Again.
I really wanna join the navy.
I'm Looking For Somebody With A Nerly Perfect Body, Pretty Smile And Some Tats Where Ya At Where Ya At *Babydoll's Voice*
thanks Ashley! I'm gonna do that right now! 💜
This is the "alarm bell." I foresee Japan saving itself sooner with concern/action, public policy, perhaps immigration--not tech.
Sex unforgettable, yeah I work miricles, I'm tasty... ♥ - Pink Dollaz
I heard the weeknd suppose to be performing tonight. Anybody knows where?
And one... Good play by the #LAkers Bigs
Even if you didn't like "The Help" gotta be happy to see Octavia Spencer win the SAG award.
yeah. Keep a nigga posted
Project Captured's Photo Booth for the Launch Party is going to be pretty awesome. ;)
Sometimes you have to just STOP and smell the roses!
re: size of HIMSS annual show.Yes, I think it has become impossible to visit every booth and find new companies, & new ideas
Buying a house?! That is some man level shit!
Done. Ticket for myself and Can't wait for my first visit to !
Attention co-workers and music industry folk: Today, I will be ending all my email correspondence with "...and make me a samwich."
Follow the Leader
Amen Doll!
married to the money fuck the world that's adultery!
Appreciate the mentions!
Goshh I miss talkin to him!! Went all day so far without talkin to him!! Fml.
YOU'RE GOTDAMN RIGHT IM SECOND<33333
Wow people are popping fire crackers around here
A smile is the most flattering accessory you can ever wear. So wear it and do it every day!
I've been working on RZ3.O and have some great mobile stuff, site evolution things to share, among other things...
yeah, 1Q84 definitely didn't become one of my favorite murakami books. but still good in its own way.
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs where are children supposed to go? On the streets? Home alone?” –Mary
“"If I'm louder would you see me" "Hands are silent" "Voices numb" our boys obviously have no clue what senses go with what body part.” OMFG
Alrighty ticket hunters! Head towards at 7pm, find Laura at the bar & Bada Bing, Bada Boom... TICKETS!!!
Welcome to Twitter! Suggest you follow and for starters. A lot of great paralegals on Twitter.
Thanks so much for your RT Chris.
your picture looks like you mean business.
I continue to be delighted by your menu. Truffle fries always seem to make their way onto our table.
You riding that OKC train I see... please
S/O 2 The WestCoast Homie "Cal-Snubs" For All The Support! ...our Single will be On The Radio in a Few Weeks!
Whoops! Just texted my my son that I had some "sinscreen" for him.
dont worry bout me haha RT u gonna be cakin in the club again tonight??
Shawty scream Loud , Shawty gone moan ' Call that music to my ears Head phoonneess ♪ -Royalty.
1cup Greek yogurt, 1 banana, handful of walnuts, 1 packet of sugar or sugar substitute = delicious breakfast.
A talk show would require an overnight stay though.
Still I am wondering if that study RE AMI after TIA will be repeated again nowadays will yield new data?
it was great hearing you speak about tonight! Thank you for speaking!
not much You!
Hey.....wats up
Ok, Molly. Let's start this party.
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!
I mean--- that's valid.
"Obviously, death is something that happens to other people." ~ Shelly Kagen, WS Journal.
safe travels!
Long Day.... Working all day on several websites. Watching the Casey Anthony Trial when I have a minute... So sad.
Everyone must follow my brother coolest kid ever
did an awesome job on the BGVs!! Great seeing u and ReeRee!
Im my own worst enemy.
It's facinating that serial killers seem so normal, It's scary. U never know what kind of deep, dark secrets people are hiding in their head
watchin good times waiting for the #bulls game to come on
My sister asked me if I wanted to play shadow so I just put my headphones in but I'm not listening to any music, haha.
Our mission...creating community. A community of like-minded people, all working towards a common goal.
Tonight Tap Room: Mad Titans / Union Electric / Pat Sajak Assassins ~ FREE SHOW!
": "The black experience is not stereotypically inner-city nor deep south plantation." - Toni Morrison"
:) that's how #SFGProductions rolls!
let's hit up 24 and throw some weight around
You're name/picture is sexy. okay bye
Suddenly, when I click on "sign out" to end my session, Twitter simply reopens and will not close. I am using Windows Vista & IE9.
Do you ever feel that the use of social media brings ad pollution into our lives?
Draft day td let's get that
whoa, I missed Avril Lavigne's birthday!? For shame! ;)
Woo hoo! Us too. Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!
my wants: fish tacos, a nanny, long kinky twists, coffee beans, cupcakes, tixs to see war horse @ fox theatre and pedicure.
RT : RT : Promises are a bit like babies. Fun to make but hard to deliver.
Sometimes you have to lie in bed and listen to George Jones. Why? Not quite sure, but I blame the previous 12 hours of boozing.
tried to look at your material, as we <3 coolness and web - link does not work.
pollard call me now!!
What kind of number is 000?! I need a new phone! Ugh!
Who wants a #FF!?
is the coolest person and my best friend in the whole world!!! Y'all should follow her(:
you welcome! <3
RIP Ben Gazarra, "Buffalo 66" and "killing of a Chinese Bookie"---real deal
get up and dust off your shoulders. it happens to the best of us.
aww thank you so much that means a lot! :) <33
This game not about Tebow...its about NE havin superior talent and a better gameplan.
I know how that goes. Will you follow she really nice :)
In about 6 hours! :D When are you free this week?
CML should see some pump action this week as well!
great op-Ed in the ABQ Journal! Today is Create a Great Funeral Day. How do you want to be remembered?
On the grind all day
“: Everybody give my buddy a follow. Great dude!” --> Yes he is! - good one to follow Broncos fans.
will do. Will put the DH on ticket patrol as well :)
I need a new txtn budy
I wish this week would be over already. I am nursing a bad tooth, son got bite by a dog and I am having issues with my Laptop's keyboard.
presenting 2 bills in Asm Ed right now: AB 719 protecting special ed funding and AB 1304 to expand linked learning in schools.
OK! Have you seen em before?!
Does that mean you could use a hand up your butt?
Its cute how much he cares . <3
Come make a difference at #ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a pre-release performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
According to guidebook, you're are a SE Asia veteran when you can climb out of a bus w/out bumping your head. I'm looking forward to that!
Family first.
If you wait to do everything until you're sure it's right, you'll probably never do much of anything. -- Win Borden
Hey omg I'm so sry forgot to answer u! - hangs head in shame
Alrighty, see ya then!
Coachella shooting victim shows up in ER with gunshot wound. - KESQ
Four Cs #2: CarefuI. A victory at any cost isn't really winning.
Kokomo woman finds deals to help needy families
I got that a lot when I was little...I guess it's making a comeback!
he started MLS Digital Properties and now works for MLSE corporate partnerships. He's a digital guy at heart.
That espresso roast was like velvet.
please promote and share(:
Also heard this week we may be going to all day/every other day kdg! Don't know yet until Board decides.
Great job tweeting for at the #iabcmnsc. Sounds like it was a fantastic event!
GJ was the interview in 93.7 fm The Fan Pirates Pre-Game today.
#ReplaceMovieTitleWithHorny Horny in the Woods
RT : Be wary of the limits of your habits. Ask yourself, how would I experience the world if I didn't have this habit?
Winner will be announced at 3 p.m. on Friday, so make sure to get your tweets in by then!
That sounds great!
great movie, checking it out again if I get a chance.
When I have children I'm gonna make them watch the movie 2012 and tell them I survived that. :)
I have blisters on my toes and trampoline burns everywhere 
That scary moment when the spider that was on the wall two seconds ago, isn’t there anymore.
lol they the best team in da league!
I don't know if your being serious or not but if you are I'm literally going to cry..
THIS TRACK IM RECORDING IS A HIT!!!! THA HOMIE PRODUCED THIS ONE... coming to a station near youj real soon
Great panel discussion at CA Women Lead lunch w/ and Dede Alpert. Interesting insight into women's political perspective.
s/o 2 the new follower
The evolving proxy war in South Asia & the Middle East is too often painted in broad strokes. Good to see you discuss finer points
Dynamic Box & others! This Sunday at The ELBO ROOM in CHICAGO! BANDS start at 6pm - Goes til 11pm - CHECK IT OUT!
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
They scored the 2nd most runs in BB but they also had an outfielder pitching the other night. smh
Go Daddy boycott slows, domain transfers in almost doubles those going out
5-0 #Royals in the 2nd but if any team can crap more runs than a lactose intolerant man at the Belfonte ice cream factory, it's the
LOVE THAT!
I may be home in LA but I left my heart in #Sayulita, Mexico!
Botox has it's Rewards! Up to $125 in Rebates from the Botox peeps contact Skintastic.com for details & Look More Beautiful!
Yup. I just booked a family trip on and am filled with dread.
#sacscoc General session-Best Practices in Assessing Student Learning by Gloria Rogers
Polls have only been open a little over an hour and I was number 119. Going to be a high turnout for non Pres, non Gov election.
and the dentist had to like kinda redo my one filling because it was a little bit washed out. So he just fixed it somehow an ...
I've decided that #mezcal is #tequila's ugly step sister.
ever get stuck in traffic and notice the nose picker? are you a picker? are you a roller and flicker? an under the seat wiper?
#edchat most effective PD is driven by need, relevant, implemented, and refined over time. Regardless of self directed or group.
whats good wit the T's. Ready to make moves
thank you :-)
As a #leader what do u do 4 the greater good? #leadership #altruism #helping Does ur job do it 4 u? What is greater good for u?
thanks, Dri! I really appreciate it :)
Add West Coasts tour dates. Por favor??? :-)
i guess ill do my laundry for the first time in a month...pull my leg.
My day is good at school, then sucky at home.
Just walked past ryan howard in his white bentley on Sansom. I guess he wasnt watching the game.
I clean my apt every Saturday morning naked in 6in heels...why am I single?
yeaah but I tried to update the app but then it won't even let me on twitter .
yes, it comes with it if you purchased it from BodyBugg.
But don't worry, no hard feelings 😊
#GordonRamsey 's gonna make me stop eating out! #KitchenNightmares 2nite is a culinary nightmare but Gordon's gonna get these Queens right!
Finally got them down to $29/mo, but since I don't have a connex to begin w/they weren't playing with install fee
Consider following - he's the VP of client services for
Remember, this whole first mvmt is more like a prelude to e rest of the symphony
Get Your CELEBRITY ON> We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD. IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
Morning people! Who digs the new extractors?!?
RT : Biz Wisdom..."Friendship" is what U do in YOUR business brand!
RT : If you have a good boyfriend, don’t make him pay for the mistakes that other boys made
You think the Brooklyn Nets enjoying this Knicks Chaos? Yes sir!!!!
#ESPN is discussing who the top 5 Heisman candidates are this season... and #KellenMoore is not on their list. CRAZY.
That is excellent news! Sending many happy howls your way.
Who's r u talking about niece? RT She Sure Know's How To Put Someone Down!!!
happy birthday oliver andrews #dontdrinkanddrive lol
they are similar in sound and also very catchy, listen to "Young Blood" by them when you try em out. Might even recognize it
Sweet, #filive looks awesome! Enjoy!
I can tell you now. My advice is have more!!
From a girl's point of view, the guy always chooses the slut. From a guy's point of view, the girl always chooses the jerk.
that's brilliant. we definitely need more blue carts :)
Separate security line in Frankfurt for the gate to Tel Aviv.. and so it begins
I know don't want none of this.
Wondering if J.P. Morgan might announce a "surprise gain" from MF Global "assets" to "offset" their sudden $800MM loss.
is think of changing his name to 'multi-syllabic rapper'.
Hope all have a blessed day!!!
Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry Thank you Jerry
Thank you, Dina! You're a keeper, too! Luv ya!
Thankful for the parking deck & covered walk to pick up kids today!
will do. It would be super easy pace, some walking. Thinking out to AT&T and back, maybe a bit further.
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
People are just really mean.
I know all those are normal but the spots are like bottom of a soda can red welts/ spots days later thighs & arms r the worst
Missed your announcement last week- congrats on the move!
hey baby mama <3
Thanks for the #FF You're swell.
Thanks for the follow :)
When does the new Yung Bux EP come out I need it
My aid had been canceled for that year and I owed the fees for that semester! A 4500 dollar bill. I had to leave school and dorm...
great buddy, u?
and Rosie to be on this week! LOVE those lil' divas!
Get your quitters warmed up.
Sausage w peppers and onions with a glass of red and family time watching beauty & the beast- perfect night
Today's going to be a boring day without my :( I love you baby.<3
It was just good quality Heinz ketchup.
Just ate Jesus
That's enough
follow back preeeeetttty please :))
Yay! :) Love your blog!
R∈TW∈∈T★ If you have Less then 5,000 Followers ( FOLLOW my homie ) Get a SHOUTOUT to 10k+ ( Mention When Done)
FUCK YOU. YOU LIAR
i heard that
Be careful with the Superbowl talk. But yea, I feel so good about this year!
see you this weekend?
That should read objective.
" Back Out" check it out by G. youtube.com/gregtellis314
1st quarter is complete. Lakers with the lead 27-14.. keep it up.
This should be fun.
Black, White, Asian, GREEN... At the end of the DAY we are ALL equal... I put my pants on the same way you do, right? :)
The US State Dept has confirmed reports that the FBI was assisting Nigerian authorities in their attempts to respond to Boko Haram violence.
thinkin of a master plan........
baby yu had such a pretty pretty pretty face but boy you was a pretty pretty big waste of my time.!
I had everything planned out but then I froze up so I winged it pretty fuckin awesome ! Lol
According to sources, the Cardinals have reached a two year agreement with Carlos Beltran! $26 million.
<3 Richie RT : is playing right now! Yuessssss. I am loving this Tuesday night.
I'm literally sad about this
Going to Sunnyvale. I need recs on good craftbeer bars in area.
you mean his tweets and shut up no one will listen
it ended 2 months ago
Good morning!! :)
see you soon and
baha text me? :)
If this holds up #32 may be drinking more than ginger ale after dis one
haha, yeah if i didnnt have to wake up at 7am >.< :p
Thanks so much Gary!!! I'll have to come over to London and play a show soon :) xx
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
Because she's a bad ass and doesn't need to impress men with her wardrobe.
When M. Bronson met wife outside jail, "She was wearing sleeping clothes & she didn't have anything on her feet. It was very bizarre to me."
you guys, I have a blister on my finger from last night's hot glue gun incident with
RT : New blog post: From the Hart: Blogging with Hillary Hart on Improving the Practice of Technical Communication...
"Pippin?....SHIT! I have to write an essay!"
Thanx, Marty! Send some tracks! :)
right on, it's challenging 140 characters or less. Follow me or look me up on LinkedIn & we can message. Thanks 4 the chat!
RT : Letter to Secy. Duncan: Schools need straight, targeted regulatory relief for next school year. Quid-pro-quo approach...
Talent/hard work/tenacity help too. RT : Owning a camera does not make you a photographer. A simple, yet oft misunderstood, truth.
yeah, I tried that argument, didn't work. Lol
Free Lasanga Today
thanks for the follow & Pls also check us out
Oh. I would've never guessed. :)
I'm really easy to get along with once people learn to worship me.
I read that as Chuck Barris and was disappointed to not see The Gong Show set in the pic.
poemas on the home page of purevolume! you can check them out at purevolume.com/poema!!!! :)
If you wanna ride you need to give me cash or grass.
Much love to all the support that my fans have given me! I just want to say thank u!
Three California youth hockey teams left standing at Nationals - Jr. Kings 18AAA, Anaheim Wildcats 12AA and Lady Sharks 16AA
call me
struggling to get out the door. You can tell it's the end of the school year.
I'm thinking...Herman Cain just might be my choice-strong, forthright, knowledgeable, speaks the truth!
I'm the best rapper this side of the shower curtain.
"A word after a word after a word is power." via
I meant I not u lol. D: No the last novela i watched was "Cuidado con el Angel" xD
I seriously want to live in the movie Breakin' 2: Electric Boogaloo. The fashions are fucking 80's epicness.
Wow ... Georgina Sparks is Gossip Girl! I stopped watching ages ago but excited to hear the news
hey jim, i'm stuck the same way in denver airport...truly a pain!
#Badgers pride. Your turn, Jordan Taylor. RT : Big news, sneaker fans: signed with Nike.
If your home was built before 1976 make sure to have your ceilings tested by a Certified Asbestos consultant.
Brazilian Wavy.
what. we have to work today?
2k not trynna give me my wins. I think i hit the limit
DM'ing you!
Anyone know how to view #LostChristmas in the US? BBC player doesn't like Americans..... apparently. >.<
I love money two ever went I have enough so was good like the guy from How high said (I need money) lol thx for following
oh I gotchu. Lol he's gonna be mad tomorrow xD
finding you on twitter just made my day! Will be planning trip 2 4 dec. First time w/ food allergy daughter
..hell yeah, but I'm not Stressin, hopefully it goes by quick
Hard to ride a bike with poor bike paths and lack there of Thank you Todd for supporting cyclist in SD!
listening to Frank Sinatra to get ready for #digitalratpack Las Vegas Monday will be there...
agreed. Prolly not gonna be pac but we can dream :-)
Want to say its fabricated but I have always heard rumors about him. I'll say money grab for now.
I feel bad for the girl who is having to give a pedicure to the chick with Harry and the Hendersons legs!
$50 for a slightly used Alpinestars padded jacket that matches my bike when retail is about $200? I think I got a pretty good deal :)
Getting ready to watch the #RevolverGoldengods awards :D only on
The winning combination: Grape, Lemon, Watermelon by Maria S. Congrats on guessing the combo! We will be announcing our next giveaway soon!
I'm replacing a leak. :)
yes,he uses his real name!!!!!
Everyone follow so we can make this City better.
Rolland deserves a win after all the help for Voeckler, EuropeCar has raced and amazing #tdf TT will be so exciting go
When people in your school try and tell you something about Austin, and you're just like "Yep, I knew that months ago, bye."
“The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.” Chuck Palahniuk
but i care about you. that's all that matters c:
My brother is cutting his own hair.
Updating all the 2012-2013 #finaid night handouts today. Lots of changes this year.
Congrats to and everyone else involved that I couldn't find on twitter on your great work in Deathtrap.
...up all nite.
And it begins... can't wait to see the beautiful bride #realtimewedding ;)
May shall be a fun month.
I envy you...I wish I could skip school today haha
A little perturbed by the people from the other 28 states with marriage amendments, including California, taking pot shots at NC.
sorry I missed you call me soon, one!
"She came through, she brought food, she got fucked, she knew wassup"
Hey, I'm in Denver. Our Nuggets play you tonight.
Tweet, tweet, tweet....
Thank you again Simple Plan for putting me in tears with your amazing music
Can't sleep. Watching Cheaters. Lol.
la la la . I want to go to one of Vinny's dance practices he does real ' bad . - The Jenster<3
I want a twitter best friend -.-
Nah playa. RT : I was knocked by 10pm, but I already know LA fans mentioned Bron at SOME point during the gm last night. Mandatory.
Thanks for following us. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you.
Who is going to be our #300 person to like up our page ?
Most fall classes r now full get on the waiting list today....www.yatkids.org
55k at dinner break
Will mobile commerce destroy traditional shopping habits or is there a place for both? Is it what we want?
My name is not Susan…
if you truly read each tweet, why are you ignoring me? Insulted! But I love you anyway!
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood.
I love painting my nails :) #it'ssofun ! :)
How long is acceptable before trading in your brand new car?
Jzell Music Baby!!!!!
hey stud muffin
Very true!
Yes, after I film one...
RT Do you have any case studies of a #nonprofit using #socialmedia that really made a mark?
thanks for following me!
how did TN and Denver go?
regression is good.
Don't forget the code, they can all save on that
Happy Patriots Day! Stay hydrated, runners!
Dolo Murder She Wrote December 2011 YSM at ya neck!
#Insurance consultant Marshall & Swift/Boeckh estimates that 58% of #homes nationwide are underinsured by an average of 21%
Can you feel it? Upset brewing. Jackrabbits trail by 4 with 1:11 to play!
We can not thank you enough for your overwhelming support and help in exceeding our goal on Kickstarter! It means the world.
Rocktagon MMA Elite 14 Rock-n-Rage is 2 weeks from today at Craneway Pavilion in Point Richmond, CA!! Tickets at www.rocktagonmma.com
why are denying honor and killing infants for gold, gold? Out of context they just seem like pretty shitty things to do lol
Katy "Buzz Lightyear" Perry- "Is she preg?" -
I wanna take tomorrow and friday off but I'll be stuck doing make-ups for the rest of my life! #Exhaustedandburnedout I'm doing it anyway!
1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Wellness Website - 1st Month FREE, $30/Month for a New Website Includes: UNLIMITED WordPress...
So good to see you too. Thanks for stopping by!
Just taking pinholes
Boy boy boy. How ready i am to move out
Decent start to the 2nd half for KU.
Hawks Score!!!!
Korean bbq AND I get to stare in JKs eyes all night? Count me in!! Name a date :)
Yeah I'm going to do that from now on. 2 QB's is tough. Plus, most other leagues are like that with a W/R.
I love when people sit in their car and they know u r waiting 4 their parking spot
omgg. im dying back here
Our 4pm FREE tour will be starting in 20 minutes! Get down here!
Anyone have a #Samsung #Galaxy phone that they feel like getting rid of? I need one for #Android dev testing
sounds good. As long as you don't mind running with
Have you checked out the video entries yet for the EHS Free Summer Housing Video Contest? It's not too late to send in yours!...
Agreed! Is "chick nonfiction" even a thing? Ugh. (cc: , in case you missed this)
If You Smoke Kush...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
Where is the list of #hispanicpeoplehobbies or #latinopeoplehobbies as a trending topic?
I love the National Anthem but I'd rather see Mary J. Blige sing about Fried Chicken.
All of this running makes me tired and hungry. But in good ways :)
RT : Have you checked out our new dbase of artists' projects "On Our Radar"? Read more about this new initiative on our blog:...
Ain't thinkin bout you... straight asshole I swear.
Hey, you. Yeah you (; follow my Instagram? *CurseTheVengeance* Let's just say, I'll love you forever..
Hoping that 2012 brings an end to #chillwave #tmz and
If you're a non-creative and have to work with creatives, we have an event for you. March 13th. Stay tuned for more details.
your picture makes you look fat like me.
UFC veteran and Ultimate Fighter 12 alumni 7-3 pro will be fighting Robert Owens 8-2 pro in the main event
Bro Came in K-Mart with a Dirty Mink Coat & White Powder on his Mustache like.....O_o.....
Bets are on to see who stays the longest.
M... all I need now is a Blatz reference, and my evening is complete!
Hey everything's good and i love your guys music
Damn they are still together? type of relationship !
“: All these spam DM are getting really annoying”
i hope the hotel has wifi or else bringing my laptop would be useless.
: russian peasants knew they were owned but had a language of rights; facebook users don't understand their data in same way
"The horror of leaving this earth without making a black mark against the white paper of human memory." -from a letter by Janet Fitch
You get one minute in a room with a agent how is looking at her phone! I'm sorry but I don't want you as my agent! Bye bye
Thanks for the #FF! Hope you are staying dry!
I do not wish to *shakes head*
Working on sweet demos w/
's Unfollowed me than followed me again Wuddup with that dude ? xD
At the del mar fairgrounds for the cab concert. when do you guys play?
its ok mami! It will pass just keep your head up
are you working tonight?
Tonight is both Spanish & French Conversation (7-9pm)
"There comes a time when you have to stop remembering your mistakes and move on. No regrets in life, just lessons"
What happens in the shoe at pelican bay?
I'M ON IT
Enjoyed your article. Gave a good perspective of the company in relation to their 1Q earning.
“: We text like we're a couple and when we're in school. We act like we dont even know each other”
Wear an abortion skirt and eat raw fish.
I love twitter... such ruiners!
Question: What is the 1 social network that is essential to your online marketing survival?
you get my message bruh?
Not even that long! I was thinking of drawing again and making a video of it
Big Shout outs to thanks for the love wrking on new work and improving every show. Thankful I have u!
hey there are usa boys. #lameexcuse ;)
Oh, the irony.
Know I'm living good all dese dog hoes on me.
But bro, He's hella sexy thoo. Ugh ! Fine as heeeeeelll
You guys follow ? She's only #Seattle's best #Karaoke host, as decided by last year.
My mum is gonna kill me if she finds out Im tweeting :P
My body keeps going from hot to cold. Now I feel dizzy and nauseous. This article on performance-based financing isn't helping either.
What would be a awesome game in the 2012/2013 season.
Greyson, you need to tour in America right after you finish writing. You could record on tour!! :D
I'm clearly not getting any work done so I'm going home
Anyone know any kids books about the Paralympics? Would love to add something to my collection!
thanks! In my house...interesting...
DOJ purposefully ignores the staggering drop in price of e-reading devices thanks to the competition created by agency model.
Try to #read at least as much as you
Love what the guys are doing at !
Our destiny changes with our thought we shall become what we wish to become, do what we wish to do, when our habitual thought co
Absolutely! In a really constructive sort of way though.
Niki, when you're asking us "what we got" in the middle of the chorus, we know you're not lipsyncing.... #AmericanIdol is she drunk??
Didn't win the #hideandtweet game on the westside or south side but had an awesome time playing! Should do it more often!
Dead, on my head, wastin time
I love bottle rats
Aww I hate when I put incorrect punctuation in my tweets!
Salsa, Salsa, Salsa Friday! Join us for lesson then the DANCE party - Tonight starting at 8pm-1am $5entry
Who wants to learn some super hot salsa moves? Oh yeah - is teaching tonight at La Fogata 8pm
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 5
Hope you like Tweet Deck!
WOW. Glad for your input but DO NOT AGREE
And what you need ironically will turn out what you want to be, if you just let it…” — Lauryn Hill
I kind of liked the the lying aspect of the FCAT. False construction of knowledge. Preparation4 career in politics.
So tonight turned out to be a fun adventure! Went to a venue down the street to find our friends in ADWCM playing!
right after I send mine lol :( not cool jk
Something I never thought I would hear walking on Fourth Ave in Brooklyn - "Dude, nice tripod."
Only would feel me...
Last day in the city! WGSN, central park, and a plane ride home!
As a great American once said: "No justification without hyphenation!"
melnyk personal phone call, lead party crisis manager at mc hammer show. weird day.
it's absolutely true. The MEK are Bush/American trained terrorists that have killed TENS OF THOUSANDS! Look it up!
If ur gonna hate on me for my opinion GTFO! I didn't make a twitter to be hated on, smh at this generation..
Hey come hang with me on stickam www.stickam.com/alexa2121
YES! Meriwether's serves up a bacon, egg & squash pizza complete w/goat cheese
Go Daddy Go! Go NIU Huskies!
OUCH New day is coming. Easy for me to say, Right? Been there and it's been the best thing that ever happened.
Forgot that I ran out of oatmeal. Peanut butter for breakfast for me!
I'm so gay for Don Cheadle. SO COOL.
Ok, I can live with that. Just like I don't hate the Skankees, I mean Yankees. SMOOCH Gotta go—I hear the clanging of the trolley.
yeah you're sharing right?
That could be poetry, sentiment, morality, and religion
i than start screaming at him my parents wondered what's with the screaming than today i'm banned from ask.fm website
forgot to tag a brother
Going to take my permit.....wish me luck!!!!
Uranium contamination in Punjab: Parliament panel slams Centre - Hindustan Times
Thinking about you mnakes my world go around and around.
looks like actor Joel Edgerton from the upcoming film 'Warrior', if he lost a few inches and had any testosterone
haha yeah your probably just partial...but I like yours too !
Follow me I follow back:)
Wow finished the march, tough as hell
Much appreciated!
your welcome(:
Busting missions. -.-
watching a video on youtube of these girls that one a date with Justin Bieber, i would absoloutley die if i were them. O.o
": New day! New chance to change!! Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night! #renew #Letsgooo!!"
When writing the story of your life, don't let anyone else hold the pen.
and are sexy
nice!!! RT S/O to #HNITH being the number 1 banger in Colorado & thus RAW freestyles were born
Be safe and enjoy the 4th everyone!
lets get it
The awkward moment when someone is wearing more makeup then clothes. o.0
Canisius when are grades coming in?
Subject today at church is "Can iGet a Refill"
you'll get it when you're nice.
Yo mama so nerdy, she thought breastfeed was an RSS!
HeLLo RT : At an Easter Brunch with ...
EVERYBODYY GOO VOTE FOR MY BY PHILLIP <3
Today I learned there are original Orozco murals at The New School. Why they are kept locked and inaccessible is perplexing.
my little sister is a directioner, belieber, AND likes the wanted. you dont like to rival british boy bands, okay?! meh...
Just CAUSE I'M AWAY ....DON'T MEAN I ANT THERE ...
ATTENTION: A father alone w/his daughters is NOT "babysitting!" If you believe this to be the case, this is your damn problem - not mine.
OMG. I am yours 4ever. RT A rose in my garden. Be my Valentine ! twitpic.com/86hvza
pacers win!!!
" Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Author Unknown"
DM=direct messaging
difficult conversations <
What!? That sounds great! Thanks! RT : I think the we got at #PhillyFoodEx is going to change my life.
Bang Bang Bang
IQ is the single best predictor of performance for almost any job you can imagine. Predicts upwards of 63% of performance.
is wrapped!!! Thank you to everybody who was involved with the production, via training, onset involvement, or financial backing!
At the #tbbmore event.
My day would get better if followed me :/ but i bet he won't :(
I also want to thank everyone from WT that sent me texts, tweets, emails and phone calls today. I'm very excited for this new opportunity.
Alpha UK Real Est Fd - Director/PDMR Shareholding
Great seeing you on set yesterday, !
Not near a TV but have a radio turned up RT : Who is still watching!?
1988 all over again. RT Maybe we just shouldn't nominate a candidate
I love you too friend <3
In case you missed it last night, board denied $1.3M in legal fees to current, former officials in DA investigation.
rogers where u at fam u in LA?
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 39
How To Speed Up, Clean Up And Revive Your Windows PC
Wait a patty flipping second..I HAVE A SON???
hey I heard you was a wild one
lol. the tribe has spoken, you are the weakest link, k bye! (;
MY NEXT STEP GONE BE DAT BIG STEP...SO LOOKING OVER YU NIGHA'S...
How will people survive if the USA Govt goes broke?
I'm trying to come up with a list of tei text collections served from eXist: anybody working on/familiar with projects like this?
I'm so sad I'm not there
wow that is so awesome! How's NYC homie
Our SA Presidential Straw Poll Results: John Bennett Edges Out Ashwin Narla
Good day Zayn. Hope you're getting on well and that your mates are doing well. My daughter and I love your music Best wishes.
just heard a woman say, "Whee!" as she ran down the Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook trail.
Starting to realize the hard work and effort it takes to get a 4.0.... Lord give me strength
truth it hurts I know
At Cause Marketing Forum in Chicago, and I keep getting chills as I learn more about CSR campaigns!
#NewOrleansBowl 4th and goal at the 3 for ULL. Timeout, decision time! Mud dogs, mud dogs...
TY so much for RT my blog on the "bad kids."
you are the man
Watching some #WWYD :}
#JohnWall is to the #Wizards as #Ovechkin was to #washcaps; way to go Wiz
spam bots have no appreciation for irony
**WHY the fuckkkk did them Harry Potter movies go so IN!!!
Sometimes I wish i could just fast forward through time just to see if it's all worth it in the end.
heard the new kanye today?
You also have a good day.May the sun shine bright on ur soul and in and around ur heart (peace)
1st purchases are often the highlight of a customer relationship. Try to make every customer experience as positive as the 1st.
Am gut laughing. Porn lawyers fight Cali law as "unconstitutional" since male "actors" must suit-up. Ah, the irony.
Ppl suing Skechers because ShapeUps didnt build muscle/help lose weight? Here's a crazy thought: Hit the gym and stop relying on a shoe!!
gr8! Shooting email now! :D
if you ate bread like me you would learn to like it too
Like I've said .. I wish you two he eat of fucking luck #Bullshit #WontLast #AnotherOneBitesTheDust 😒🔫
HA. me too , lucky people all famous and stuff :p
Breaking news theres nfl season
Don't wanna go in this damn job!
I hate feeling like crap.
PCI rules say you should store the CC data securely. But it still lives in a database somewhere... Return/issue/exchange
Good to see you #CentralWaters #taptakeover last night. Sorry I couldn't have a drink with you. Another time?
i am never ever ever going to be a chemist
He'll probably make an impact this year and Jacksonville really needed him.
Don't you hate it when your in class and the teacher looks at you and calls on another kid for the answer. HAPPENS ALL THE DAMN TIME
hear you ! Not the time to go running now.
ya hitting up the park?
Marilyn Monroe's ex had fresh roses delivered to her crypt 3 times a week for over 20 years
lol but im pretty sure,their after both. ;)
In order to be an #entrepreneur, you got to be little CRAZY!!! Lol
Good morning, all.
Not surprising...They are going to push it to violence, it's already started...
Everybody makin a comeback, question is whos gonna come out next yr? last yr a boat load of artists came back ? Its a big competition
Every straight guy at this Ingrid Michaelson concert is single, right? As a tall person, I already feel terrible about the standing rm venue
The term glass for cameras is widely used to describe the camera lens.
He's behind now but they're keeping the faith.
I grabbed some great print and audiobooks on my way out of the library tonight. There are so many awesome things I want to read RIGHT NOW.
When I get off the bus my best friend says bye. When a popular kid gets off the bus, the whole fuckin bus yells bye. I feel the love.
“: ": 20 days left #teenwolfseason2 #teenwolfprobs" ” yaaaay!! Been waiting for quite some time!!
Rapping the refresh button on austin's page to see if he has reached #5OOKMAHOMIES yet #itsamahomiething :)
Parents of tattooed teen sue NH school district - Fox News
Honing in on the #music #DJ lineup 4 #NYE2012 #lasvegas party with a purpose!
I MISS YOUR FACCCEEEE! (^^)
I smell some hatin goin on here!!
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
working out always is an issue for me. Sweat tends to make it sting.
So I made a BIG commitment today. Let's just say running has made me feel "comfortable being UNcomfortable." THIS skill will come in handy!
Pre-Cal and Economics are the only classes we're still doing work in 😒
just Achilles stuff from this spring. Still not "right" so dr. wanted an MRI.
Why don't aren't my apps integrated into one another? If tweets a link, then I want the article to open in my HuffPost app!
Shut up shut up shut up
it's a one and 17 million chance that you'll see this,but HAPPY BIRTHDAY1
El Pastor Restaurant outdoor Patio is the new hot place to meet in Ironbound Newark. Come see for yourself.
Thanks for the mention! Got diabetes class tonight. Will try to call in when we return.
did it
Real..niggas do Real $hit... 100
SO ARE U GONNA BE DOING A USTREAM TODAY?!?!?!:)
Lies take victims, seperate them at the seems. Cause them to fall apart and move onto better things
Anne Amie Vineyards is hosting a wine tasting for residents in The Sapphire Room tonight from 7pm to 9pm. Come for wine, food, and friends.
Expecting important phone call so I keep staring at my phone and willing it to ring. I feel like I'm single and dating again...
Got crushed at 12 hour 25/50 PLO session at bellagio. Played great... Except for the hands I got crushed in.
"I'm just sayin"...I mean what else would you be dong after saying something? You might as well say..."I'm just breathin"
Hey!!! :D Did you just get this?
oh of course BB u kno ;)
How u know its da truth if u bein lied 2
Thanks alot! :) Go look up our youtube videos and there is some screaming tutorials ;)
Babe Ruth: "He's a BoozeCamp Hero, Got Bars in His Eyes..."
We were just as stoked!
man he might, but if not, he's too good for diggy anyways lol
hearing someone say "i don't know what to tell you" when I have a problem makes me a million times more pissed off
overall good article tho!
I'm so bored but there's like no one on ..
If it wasn't for them. Smh
Nice to be back in Bloomington! Great to hear some music i worked on over break!
Does anyone remember my million dollar idea?
observation on packers game #2: announcers' constant praise of a. rodge is already on par with their constant beatification of favre.
Hey what's up with the G+ integration? Big announcement made in Nov 2011 but still nothing 7 months later
RT : The infamous on stage talking about CoffeeScript.
Coming to The Monthly Hour hosted by at 9pm tonight? Password "I miss you, Rick Santorum" gets you $5 tix!
Never forget JAZZN.
Ouhh, all day long sitting with my laptop. work, work, work ;)
March 29 I believe. If you sign up now, it's $85/month I think.
Jeff McDonald: If Chong could hear DEA agents outside, why couldn't they hear him? DEA hasn't answered yet.
The verdict is in, and Harlem rapper G. Dep will spend at least 15 years in prison. Tuesday (May 8) the 37-year-old got
what's up with people clipping their nails at the office? since when did that become acceptable behavior?
is a lyrical genius. ❤🎵 RT : I've never heard silence quite this loud
Stone creek, slippers and my own couch :)
Amazing day with amazing kids. Praying about what God is doing here. Tomorrow we are visiting a hill tribe - should be very different.
honestly, The only power other people have over u, is the power u give them..!
Yoooo.. Black girl with short blonde hair.... You can't be making with your dude on the train... And looking at me at the same time....
Well I got Some Things to Work ON, Yes I DO
Will you be able to follow up w/your webinar participants to see if their predictions about staff/board were accurate? Very curious.
I just got in the house and im already bored smh lol
"I'm mad at Wall Street cuz I don't bother to take an interest in my own future."
Can't you see I'm falling for you:/
This seriously made my morning. My mom did the same thing!! Have a great day, you two.
I always thought tweeted in Kelvin.
Chillen at lumber liquidators waiting to some stuff... I guess it doesn't matter if you call and let them know you are coming to get it.
About romance in Paris: "You always have to wait until May before things start popping." ---- Vernon Duke, composer of "April in Paris"
Weekends here, 2-Day Sale available. Be sure to get your orders in before the sale ends. ;)
La vie de tata t enorme
good luck
I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline.
Excited to visit on my trip to New Orleans this upcoming week.
1 hour until Coach Dunn and the Women tip off against Belmont in ASun Tournament! Time to do Work!
Exited for covering tomorrow! Now only if was hosting those too!!
"Like Justin Bieber"? NEVER HEARD THAT.
So glad u loved City Tavern! Please write a review on so others can read what you thought.
All my exes live in Texas like I'm George Strait
Don't try coming at me like that . I will bite your head off .
toss me a follow shout out man. Your music is tight homie.
Droped the baby off at school/whent to see an old room mate/back 2 the house 2 make the wife breakfast/kiss her off 2 work she gos muahh : )
exactly!!! And the recruits will say that also nothing like Ky!
is looking for models if you know anyone interested hit me up or or
Fighting? We off that!
The only ppl i want around me are The ppl that will take care Of My son until hes able to take care him self if something happen to me
just saw it was your birthday, have a great day!
Marriage rights for all American Citizens is the only fair thing to do! I fought a war for your rights, can't I at least marry who i want?
where do we acquire DaggerWear Wayne?
Baptist, Methodist in my DNA
“: Surprisingly we didn't know! Thanks so much for the invite, we would love to attend!” Great see U there
Jeff Clark -- Drinking rawmilk reduces allergies, atopy and improves GI function (more probiotics).
I see has joined the Twitter army!!! #finally!!!!!
get bakk online I'm ready
I h8 it when my mom says "it's my house so you live by my rules"If it's your house why don't you clean your own house on your own LADEH.
concert friday?? #ithinkyes :D
So thankful for you Friend! =) Hope 2 see u soon!! x
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
Talking about conflict management in #MBAUSF class today.
Through OBAMA's scandals ALL the UGLINESS, CORRUPTION, WASTE&THIEVERY of big government is TRANSPARENT.
I don't know...if I turn that upside down it looks something like my ex-gfs privates
Back to College-Thomas is at the NYU Poly Tech Career Fair!!
Wow! I'm thoroughly surprised at how knowledgeable McNabb is about other sports... Who knew?! Good call #ESPN -
fantastic womens soccer as USA just beat Brazil. Tied in overtime with 30 secs to go and then beat them in PKs. Amazing edge of seat game!
U suppose to "fluff" it lol no one writes a perfect paper “ Fuck this shit i'ma bout to B.S. the rest of this Essay lol”
did y'all even know about the web awards voting in March? We just heard about it last week!!!
Creating Your Beyond, LLC - What's your heart’s desire? In helping people to create life they love living we will work together...
To the random guest in our tiny chat that just started playing , i love you.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
thank you kind sir! I like the number 11. ha!
App idea: A service that makes you virtually invisible & perhaps kills you at the same time. So at last you can relax.
Great choice! =]
Cool, thanks for the heads up!
I like my commencements like I like my women
this old thing?
:) RT : Excited to see perform in their recital on Friday ^.^
Wise men talk because they have something to say but fools talk because they have to say something
What? You like baseball and musicals? lol
says won't see hybrid (SSD and disk) drives in the enterprise storage
LOL, Artun!!!! Hope You had an Awesome Thanksgiving! Why has it taken me this long to find You on Twitter? Er. :)
Yay! Facebook!...I guess...
well I went to Mexican today, and it made me think that we need to go together soon!!!! Least we will have this summer haHa.
Osweiler gonna be a good NFL QB
hell yeah I do “: Don't u hate broke niggas”
I love criminal minds! Dr Reid is so smart, *drool*
However I do love that it is tshirt and shorts weather here and in Cleveland it was jeans and winter coat weather
Please stay tuned for future updates, announcements, and events. For bookings contact our manager: .
bra are yall getting those flight ones
you already know! I'll be back on tueday! I work buy I'll let u know when I'm off
Ladies Always Remember Too Refresh Your Pussy Before Refreshing Your TL -_- (Have A Nice Day)
Ugh work. Kms.
Niggas is thirsty. I'm not a whore. i'm not a slut. i'm a model. how many times do i have to repeat that?
how'd you guys do today? no one would answer lol
Please sign in & propose/vote on sessions to create our schedule! :) Ask if you have ?s about the process!
YEAH!! WHAT A GAME!! MY DREAM MATCHUP COMES TRUE!! LETS GO RANGERS!!
I think the neatly divided content ghettos of subject matter should be abandoned for multidiscipline. #teaching 2030
Giving our customers what they want Hot, Fast Delivery of food that they crave, that typically does not deliver.
Is it just me or was The Fray created to provide the backing tracks to the montage scenes on the finest shows the CW has to offer?
I need 8 x
Hostess is filing for bankruptcy?? Somewhere Little Debbie is holding her basket with a smile
Hey girl!
her sayings are so lame
Signed up for a at Looking forward to using the app around
Thanks, Enjoy your Sunday!
Livin the college life.
while dual monitors are pretty cool, i honestly don't really need them.
Confidence, confidence, confidence...need we say more?
Bros betwixt hoes is my policy.
Watching Tom Green filling in for Ron Zappolo on #KDVR tonight. I've always thought he's a really under-rated anchor.
Hoppy Easter every bunny!!
they are coming back to the UK in five days?!
Feel free to bring your mustache and join us on our adventure to see the Avengers lol
Just kidding I wouldn't do such a thing lol
Id rather be single than to be lied to, cheated on, and disrespected.
that's exciting! Gotta check it out. Congrats 2 Pryce!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1909 the #Queensboro bridge in #NewYork opened linking #Manhattan and
just found out that my roommate loves you! I said yeah we go way back hahaha
had the pleasure of signing the wall at the Apollo, will share pictures as soon as I can.
“: I might have something for you.” anxious to share it!
Kids engrossed in 1962 Twilight Zone - Ray Bradbury's I Sing The Body Electric.
industry knows he wouldn't influence like that especially on something he doesn't follow!
amber rose....
Major Congrats, Rob, on optioning your comedy script.
Tempers flare on the turf as Colorado leads 13-7 at halftime. with 3G, 3A - 12 pts from new #NLL record
And a good afternoon to you!
oh yeah, because were super BA.
Uh, Flo-Rida is really opening this #933sko show? Huh.
It been a long day n it still ain't over yet
I thought I got a ticket, turns out it was a note from a guy who wanted to buy my car...weird...he's probably a serial killer.
See the glass half full not Half empty ... <3
If somebody thinks you got killed then that's just what it is. A man should not be scared to speak his mind.
Follow me Belieber too
I miss where I could just scroll through my favorites on Youtube & it wouldn't refresh...just play the video. *Sigh* Come back...x
Good luck! Hopefully it's not a zoo! :)
Like a fine wine, HotMess info cannot be released before its TIME!
I don't understand this forensics crossword. At all.
A good ??? is husbands why would you not buy your wife/mother of your seed a gift? Oh, cause you carried a life in your womb for 9 months;/
Lol, yeah, the fact it's at Petco makes his night even more ridiculous. Awesome.
that's been the best part of teaching at the past 14 years... ;)
who do I start at flex rob gronkowski, Felix jones or percy
Bitch, I watch CSI, I can make your death look like an accident.
Hey Bill...Not particularly, mostly because I'm trying to get moving taken care of.
That silky, satin wig you're wearing >>
hello skunk
This week is gonna be fun! Time to bring the pain!
. And, people actually spent time and money to put this law on the books.
come back to LA ! You need to go to the beach down here!
Will "Agile for government is hard. There is a lot of rules, stratification and standards. We managed to make this work with Agile."
Come join The Big Blue Nation. This class could get scary good.
YA OKAY FUCKER SAY IT TO MY FACE I'LL FIGHT YOU 👊👊👊👊👊
Bbw, porn is so overrated... I need, to see the pussy!!
Onerous IRS laws and regulations are causing CPA's to leave the profession in droves. Small businesses will be adversely affected.
I know... I don't know why, but I had not either... I have never been more sickened by anything before. They need to catch him
#Ghettocrayoncolors Christmas tree green
April showers bring May flowers, except we got showers in May instead.
When Twitter deletes DMs, I feel sad and wonder if my messages ever got delivered.
The League is on netflix streaming. Everyone. Watch it.
Thanks, Chris!! Always a pleasure to experience your wisdom.
Its almost 1 o'clock and its not 100 degrees yet in Fort Worth! Yay!
catching up to you Mr. Matas. I'm at 461 baby!! :)
the customization of computer desktops is really an extension of ourselves
RT : Is doing a turn on booth duty. I've now completed Level 4
wow.. #iimcrushed ok then is it your leg, stomach, arm, back of neck?!?1 #ijustwon didn't i?
I mean it might help if you do. Just might
Dracula is full of theatrics better than CGI, a brief True Blood moment, and a glimpse of Helena Bonham Carter as Bellatrix.
They.changed.the.twitter.app
Why do we want to test people for drugs and alcohol? Why don't we test them from stupidity & greed? (Starting with politicians.)
what's this o course you're tweeting about?
Omg I fucking hate la traffic
Morning meetings with commitee for March of Dimes Gala! Save the Date the event will take place on Nov. 8.
Foundry Interactive is hiring a PM! If you're interested (or know anyone who is), let me know.
yoga vs. beer...which will win on this Friday evening?
"Avoid MWAs - Minimum Wage Activities." - Marshall Sylver
#Rappers Hit us up if you want one free lease! all you have to do is follow us and retweet this status..then hit us up with your email
Why yes they are:-) I've been meaning to paint my toenails.
Enjoy Barcelona?
Q3 I think this is a no brainer. It depends on your library. Naturally. All of our libraries are so different.
And now house of wax. Not that scary. But oh well.
Still trying to figure out what the hell I witnessed at the Kohl Center today.....pathetic display Bucky.
Ugh I till can't believe I have Saturday training from 8am-3pm 😒
#FML dropped my damn phone in the toilet!!! SHIIIITTT!! I really hope this rice takes out all the moister!!
Normal Person Flirting: "Hey babe what's goin on? ;)" Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that shit."
First taste of love , oh bittersweet like green on the vine , strawberry wine . <3
because they don't want to know the real answers. at the root- it's probably stupid or a deal breaker.
Lloyd Pratt: AAS summer seminar in history of the book is a "gateway drug" to bibliography as scholarly work. important.
hell no lol
The Eclipse box set Pearls of the Czech New Wave has made its way to Hibernator Gigs HQ. The air is sweet with political unrest.
PickUpLine: You know, if I were you, I'd have sex with me
Playing Doobie Brothers this morning, thinking about doing a playlist for my class w ELO, Chicago and Doobies
Bout to go to neighborhood watering holes
We are pleased to announce that Nabuko Hokari and Bob Sottani have joined as Sales Associates
lol so true
So psyched after going to my #writing group today! Feel like I can totally do this!
You two are still the same people, why are you expecting a different outcome ?
That's how I feel about dairy products.
Sound good
Full week for us! India House Show on 2/16, IWU chapels & Friday Night Live on 2/17, services at Eastside Church Of God on 2/19.
oh my! I must oblige the bean.
Have heard the same! Guess I should eat nothing between now and then in order to prepare!
laughing at my jack russell-- he just scared himself awake.
Chillin at this point ...
I don't always drink Microbrews, but when I do I prefer Great White & Racer 5
IS THE MOST AMAZING PERSON EVER❤ HE IS AN INSPIRATION FOR ME! I LOVE HIM SO MUCH<3! FOLLOW HIM!
Im such a student in her world!
Library = #personal #digital #library. Jeffrey demonstrating how you can easily scan in physical books' barcodes....
Annoyed to pull out my Fleischman's yeast and see that it's stamped "Bake for the Cure." No longer pleased to be supporting
If #Obama had cut off a classmate's hair, he'd get pegged the gang-banging pimp socialist Muslim, not just the socialist Muslim.
You have a gift coming thank you so much for all your help
The theme of the night is anime and rap.
pshh in your dreams(;
We put a gorilla on our front lawn to celebrate National Library Week.
Will be out of town during the at Drat! Such is it.
Oh good! Mine's been nice, relaxing, just sort of hanging out :] About to go to lunch with my 2 GreatGma's. I'm stoked. Ha :]
Letz be honest ...BET is #Dead and it really hurts me to say such a thing
You're the second person to mention him Bill! It must be epic.
Saw you, but we were both tied up in other conversations. Definitely need to reconnect. I had a good chat w/ radian6 folks too
dang I kno auntie bout had a fit
Thanks! Sometimes change is a good thing...
If you had one wish we are pretty sure it would be $5 Falafels from 11am - 4pm? Right? Right?
a nightmare just ate up your dreams
Come see DBS tear it up at the Hard Rock Cafe Battle of the Bands at Universal City Walk tmrw Fri 3/30 at 8pm!
Can't wait to hang out with Robin tomorrow and Oakley Saturday! <3
Once I get you I don't plan on losing you.
Sweet - is such a luscious word..
Enjoy half priced sushi? Kiku Japanese Restaurant has 40-50% discounts for students who show their student ID!
Thank you Fish City Grill, we had a great time tonight!
I strongly disagree. RT : Did you watch him the entire series, 1 good game, Marc a much better player right now
It's your birthday? It's mine too! Happy birthday to everyone! :)
I'm really hating on this last season of Survivor of the facebook like page haha. Hated it so much(:
not following me? :(
haha I'm sure, I'm sure :)
thank you much!
Don't worry. BC Football is on track for success this year.
Forgot to mention promised my first born to since he gave me a go radio poster.
Watching night's highlights, had a pretty exciting 0-0 tie. The boys had a much more solid game.
Is it too much to ask for every single fucking thing in the world ever right now?
Great Job #BigBlue!
RT : More than 2.2 million Americans have this painless eye disease that is a leading cause of blindness in the US...
On This Day: May 11, 1647, Peter Stuyvesant arrived in New Amsterdam to become governor.
Can't wait to hear the album. You're a truly gifted songwriter!! We'd love to play a show with u out here soon if you're into it!
Flying is hours and hours of boredom sprinkled with a few seconds of sheer terror. Pappy Boyington, WWII pilot
LOL! And I thought it was "Karen Wright"
LUCKY U!!!!!! I was in a mock trial competition against loyola.... Hahahahahahaa DO I HAVE STORIES FOR U!!
lol yea I do .
This man is one of THE funniest people I know!! This txt he just sent!!! I can't deal!! Hahahaha!
Woo just watched the Rangers win in Baltimore
RT : Q3) In corporate environments, Learning on Demand rarely goes through the L&D group.
Idaho: Idaho wins $20 million for health insurance exchange Read more:...
Good to know everyone is in a terrible mood today!
you're so adorable in 5-year engagement!
Most epic Jenga ever
So, I guess I should start soliciting movie/book suggestions for my "vacation." I will have to think of it as an *intellectual* vacation!
How did I get on a list called Cute Boys? I'm an owl.
Can't wait for this autograph-tastic weekend to start. Waukesha Sportscards today and tomorrow. On Deck on Sunday.
People that don't have a back bone or any sort of opinion, I make their life impossible.
follow us babes(;
Doing the same, S2 gets better
Free speech...but not for thee.
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear who just booked Criminal Minds!!!
okay I'll just wait like a month to see you.
#nathanjones and #maxholloway both on weight for tomorrows event do us proud chaps oussu!
ahh you see the rags got wolski?
Good bye Seattle #snow and hello Vegas!
Lol no! You get to see them in person :)
Waiting, with much anticipation, for new Sophie2.0 release...supposed to happen sometime today.
so how are you?
I hate when I put up a funny status and one of my cousins take it serious.
it would be nice ^_^
Want a free $20 gift certificate to ? Stop in to the ICC and get one. I have 2.
yeah, thats understandable. I have Uverse and Netflix and theres never any new movies to watch, so I ruin out of movies. Hah
thank you for the time as well I enjoyed our conversation.
Pleases Dont Putd Ya Business Out In Da Open Where You Know Folks Gotd Big Mouths
I want to high-five the bearded guy.
Bosses don't have birthdays we have g'days and bossdays just ask
Wow she crazy!
lol I know I can't wait hey do u have a facebook??
So that was you. I should have known
X Nutrients wants to take me to the Cali show but I'm not sure if my health issues will be an issue with traveling or not.
Life, unfortunately, doesn't seem 2 care what we want ~ Richelle Mead
Cool! I thought they killed command-option-shift-4 when OS X came out. Better feature with new binding fine w/ me
Welcome to Fun with Flying at Logan... have fun on Nantucket this weekend!
are you going back to your solo stuff since you're not in HMO anymore?
At the mall with & galindo
I half expected that to be a picture of a thick, hairy dick...
didn't think it couldn't happen but in this shortened season, Spurs get 50 WINS again!
New Raustiala/Sprigman post on Freakonomics about the copyright lawsuit against the Beastie Boys, for stuff they sampled a...
Girl on entire ferry ride had conversation with nobody & no cell phone! When I do it, I at least tell myself to shut up after 5 mins
I'm assuming you love him, too? He's amazing.
aint heard from you in a hot min just seen the pics from stl you looked like you was killing shit wish I was three though
I hate seeing something or finding out something you wish u hadn't
If #Mavs indeed ink DWill, would that increase their ability to trade for Dwight before summer of 2013? Or no effect at all?
your welcome! :D
just bought my first app from the Android Market - ten cent apps is a genius promotion.
Bout to go get these rough shots for this multiplicity idea for the mixtape cover.
Install week at the VAC! We are sad to see the old exhibitions go, but excited to see the new ones go up!
Cannot wait to see #HungerGames tonight!
Listening to #unstoppable on my beats is insane. Even more intense
for sure man I'm here all break
Please create a #ItsAlwaysSunny themed #storagewars, you could so much with that #FX "storage war, storage war!"
u never hit me up
Thanks, I appreciate it! And yes I am
I just supported Gran Lakou dancing troupe in Haiti to buy costumes for Karnaval. They are a proud and talented LGBT inclusive...
Hello and good morning. In order to bring social media to vegas...i need help putting on an event. We need 25 people to make this happen.
good news is she's at home, in her own bed, with family. it would be great to go that way.
Rebel needs clans so we can spotlight them on our website! casual, hardcore, it doesnt matter! get at for details! RT
that's what I was told. (:
No reinstall yet - just installed it today. Thought it might have something to do with Jetpack, as I haven't used that before.
Both look good for me right now.
bahahah do u know who you are talking too?? i am obsessed with them! love love love #RHOBH lol
> THX Y 4 MT#FOLLOW FRIDAY
I'm assuming you're talking about How I Met Your Mother...I'm a huge fan of it
I didn't -sounds nice! “: Did you get presents from today too?? I can't wait to showe
Chores...Chores...and more Chores I'll be back to tweet and follow...ugh I want ice cream
Let me know if there is anything I can answer about Directv for you. Oh yea there is a good deal on the NFL Sunday Ticket btw.
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens. Spring 2012 publication date approaching fast.
TV: Diners Drive-Ins & Dives (8PM FOOD) is worth checking out for the deep-fried tacos; at 9PM, new episodes of Grimm (NBC) and Fringe (FOX)
In Hamilton. Were all my Hamilton people AT?
your welcome :)
Me 2 let's go!!
lmfao!! All bad.. y'all old dawgs gon go out like Barren Davis.
Celebrating July 4th by practicing on my American violin made by Phillip Injeian with my American bow made by US Paul Martin Siefried.
Heat vs Pacers game 3 tonight. Watch the game at Whiskey Tango!!
Ladies dont ever let anyone tell you what to do, I hate seeing that shit. You are all strong as hell so stand your ground.
Dear Pearson, Thanks for the intellectually numbing tests. Really made school worth skipping. Sincerely, Students
Once they go public... I agree.
just figured out which direction hawaii is from where i'm sitting in my house. ahh yes...
I may be crazy.. but crazy is better then stupid.
It's still not too late to support a young business person today. It's Lemonade Day, so find a lemonade stand and drink up.
No news is good news!
Happy autumn Reshapers! How are you staying motivated this week?
Today in 1864: Lincoln takes a photograph that will ultimately be put on the $5 bill (via )
“: How many people can say they watch worldstarhiphop with they coach?? THIS GUY #swag #yolo #UDbonding”
In backyards, waging battles with the wooden swords, but now we've stepped into a cruel world...
RT : Playoff baseball! tourney game tomorrow. Sounds like a great time for the #tweagles to stay hot!
I find myself in the unsavory position of wanting a Philly team to win.
Watching jersey shore
Keys made. Car keys cut and program.
body all angles...grindin like she kno me in reality we strangers!!
Allegrippis trails in Raystown PA on my SIR 9. Followed by campfires, bbq's & cold brews. Thanks for the #FF Shout!
Career* RT ": KG been setting moving screens the entire playoffs"
Hi there FlamingoFF
My mom said that no man was worth going to jail for. I beg to differ because Chicago taught me that he had it comin'.
MT : media Chicago ONLY reports violence!!! They see it's ongoing issue but YET to propose a viable solution! SALARIED INSTIGATORS
I never want to stop learning...
no we did not haha but it was funn
RT IF YOU LOVE EVERYBODY
The friendship bracelet saundra sent me in the mail >>>>
welcome, that is
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Just saw a lady on the sidewalk hock a loogey. Real
Go Hogs Go!
Nanas talking my ear off /: lol
Everything in life worth achieving is hard.
put ur finger dowm ur throat, let see how the acid eats away ur teeth, by trying to be perfect.
Brian Williams rested up in bed for all those years...
just took a shower, cause i was at soccer. then watched your videos.. played them on repeat. dm me pleasee, alex <3 <3
You know you're in a French department when you open the fridge and there's a big slab of butter on a plate.
Requirements Of iPod Accessories : Logan
I, personally, love adding in Sunny D (or any orange juice)
Indeed. RT : On Sunday, we celebrate with Easter dinner for blended families. Diversity is a beautiful experience.
Where what was coming from? The anger or the fugure?
Are you a #SMB looking 4 an online training solution? Come by Booth #607. Free Trial and enter to win an ipad!
I have a good reason, it sucks.
I wish i had some nice fashion pix of Kim K ... that would be fashion funtastic !
Listening to the Ernie Kovacs Percy Dovetonsils CD that came in the mail today.
aww thanks doll! We really appreciate it. All of our sleeping options fell through 😢
#BorowitzReport What a fucking hack. Comedy? Maybe if you're an Obama sycophant.
I will send a dm to adam I think he will enjoy it ok enjoy ur time with adam
day off, gym then working on track
There are Jelanators out ther (like me) and if that would happen i would cry
interested in an internship ?
C'mon that would be so unlike Lovie Smith. RT : All the Hester talk from #Bears camp this offseason reeks of smoke and mirrors.
Shouldn't it be called a "hairScut" not a "haircut"? Unless you really are just getting 1 hair cut...
weed and fuss around in the garden so I'll have some pics too!
Mango, Strawberries, Kale, almond milk-yum. The #Maca root takes a bit of the yum away but it's good for me, right?
Just got kicked off northwest mutual grounds via loudspeaker for taking pics. If your going to kick someone off at least show your face!
Somehow that is awesome.
#TwSIG Junco -Researchers measured student engagement and higher in the experimental twitter group and engagement increased. Active learnin
Check Out DamnFoolz.com...Check Out RisingModelz.com... Find Me On facebook at Anthony Starks...
My mom told me to clean my room before bria and janee get here............... Ha Yeah fuckin right lol they've seen my dirty room
I have a greatLeifer shot from Fenway in today's queue. He was the best.
"I got used to being high and nothing that I try seems good enough right now. It’s all so watered down like having wine after whiskey."
A coup? Gimme a break. Don't try and romanticize this Ryno screwjob.
SOMEONE GET ME A BEER
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
Rise and shine! What's the latest in fashion this spring?
So What Have You Been Up To ?
Tried to tell you Colston....more explosive!
Bah. Who wants to play when you're full? :)
Starting tomorrow, my boo only has two weeks left of school.. I am going to be so lost without him. 
You say you are thick but look like Rosie O'donnell
orange you glad you didn't? ::runs and hides::
Teams back on the ice for the third period...
Is there any word on what players got shipped to the Mets for K-Rod?
Love what you do for a living. Never ever settle.
yes, but a smaller amount of them. I would say no more than 1 tsp. at a time.
I play R&B & Country on my show too, sadly just too many people regard "rock & roll" like they're bad words-blame Starship?
going to hulu.com
Ugh. The theme music for "Dino Dan" sounds so much like "Galaxy Quest" that I keep wanting to run downstairs and watch it with my kid.
Sister of suspected NY subway plotter testifies
Oh, I'm so sorry.
Talked 2 a friend who was with Matt Kemp last week and Kemp said "It takes a real man to hit a home run in San Diego let alone 3!" #Brauny!
Happy Thursday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com - #specialneeds - exciting things going on - summer tips from experts, etc.
I am amped up Website is looking really good!
GUYS! ="( I GOT HACKED SO U HAVE TO FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT C'MON!!!! PLEASE?!?!??!
in studio w/ Leather Feather
Driver's Ed, we all had to take it. Now we have to pay for it. Did your school offer it when you got your license?
EMMMMMMGAY FORT FORT
About to head to bed got work at 430am FML lol
Playing this game to kill time. But I'm hungry! & the grill is right in front of me. I have to cook by myself. What kind of place is this?!
Rachel Guberman proposes panel on a Digital Humanities Graduate Certificate.
Drama on Twitter isn't needed . This isn't facebook .
Looking for a FileNet P8 consultant with both .NET and Java programming experience located in FL. Should know BPF and Workflows.
I don't blame you!!!
go read my past tweets. I had nose surgery! Its all on my profile.
I shouldn't have but I did and I'm gonna pay in the morning.
Didn't sleep well and it's Monday. Damn.
Just saw the hunger games AMAZING!
It's never only about You. You're a link in the chain of Existence. Make a difference. May it be a positive one!✨ Be the change you want.
All this talk about the #HungerGames makes me watch to re-watch
any reason in proticular
Make sure to come to TK to watch SDSU take on Utah tonight at 6! We've got $5 Shocktops and bigger TVs than Best Buy. Let's go Aztecs!!!!
#3WordsOfAdvice GO FOLLOW
I just stopped watching last weeks Shameless to turn on the #cnndebate. I immediately regretted that decision when #Romney spoke.
We're talking #Zags #Mariners #Whitworth #Shock and #Seahawks tonight. Sports is around the corner, come hang out at 5 & 6 on
I love my boyfriend so much
we are what stranger
Haha hey jake!
I know pro Ironman triathletes who use coconut H20 to rehydrated. Also used in WW2 to sub for blood i v.
Dislikes: being a contract carrier for work... Yet to have a smooth roundtrip & I'm not talking in terms of turbulence
Round 2 starts today.
i love you too
I can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow .
I really really wanna go to the album signing at the Palasaides but its during the stupid quarterlies..... no :(
I dont really do a lot of complaining. Just teasing. Today was a good show.
Shout out to my new Chi-town faves! & our family at ! Can't be beat!
Here is all the resources you will need: www.bluebookbuy.com
enjoying the beautiful day??
.RT : French teachers & members: Don't miss our article about the DVLF in the January issue of the AATF National Bulletin!
Chapter 2: break-ups
What are you doing to reduce your carbon footprint? Join + in celebrating Earth Day! Pls. RT
I'll bet that's what everyone thinks when they work out next to you.
Oh these fkers... That wasnt even the preview of the video.
So, didn't release the video or tell us their big news yesterday....
": Janet just said "how do like someones stat on twitter?" Lmfao omg!!" LOL well shit I didn't knw
I wanna go play in the rain ☔☔
Ha, weird! Is your gf ? We should have a party at or something, apparently!
I hate that oomf's mom hates me for no reason!
Vogue Turkey April 2012 : Lara Stone ..♥.
Being super productive this morning - was out of the house by 6:30 and almost have all my errands done. Getting ready for Atlanta!
late bible study for me lol
Watching for Next invites like a shark but still failing to catch them in time. These preview videos are too much of a tease.
Vander Blue is a scrub! #thatguysucks. Go MU. Marquette needs to stop this run
Hate all these fukin females... Damn fake as fuck
Lets get this money then lets make it stack
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. Archimedes
follow me
Jake Rothschild RED ALERT!!!! Jake's Ice Creams & Sorbets is open Friday and Saturday until MIDNIGHT!!!! and until 10 pm on Sunday
I prefer my pity parties with vodka and
In Miami Gardens...I'll send you the flyer when dude finish
you forgot to add "Part time Veggie" to your bio ....
Wired World of Sports Episode 4 is now up and available on iTunes
Perhaps, but this cert. focuses on sustainable site development, H20 savings, energy efficiency & health codes of buildings
Wow, so many great people to follow. Looking forward to
dang it's windy!
omfg madison lololololol im gonna pretend im sick so i can go home and be with you <333
I'm appalled that the free service I'm in no way obligated to use keeps making changes that mildly inconvenience me
What the heck are people doing?? The radio is out and the aux jack is all effed up. Good grief!
#pranksterontheloose , this show WILL make me in a good mood ;D
I thought you were the mayor of berry winkle?
and before leaving, Welcome:
just recommended venuetastic to an alum asking about event spaces in sf... better not make me look stupid for suggesting it :)
Do you know a #highschool #student in need of money for #college? If so, click the link to learn more about our #scholarship-->...
#inconference10 #nmsplc Our students will never be learners, unless we are learners ourselves. JKnight
what you getting
all I know is that I just can not bring myself to buy dresses from a place that includes "barn"
About to die
awwie, thanks so sweet thank you! ;"} and your like the same to me ahaha and yeah sure we can DM
Mom plz come home with my iPhone 4 ... Thank you
Noontime Power Yoga @ EVBS this Friday! 45 min class. 1 week free of unlimited group class for new clients!
whoops I tweeted to the wrong Sadie but just sayin I need Akira assistance!! Miss you
Panic is upon us!!
I love my mom she puts up with all my craps that I do and still loves me,I find it impossible.
I've also been mixing my vodka with juice pretty regularly. It's almost gone. And I finished off my woodchuck ciders.
Hand me the world on a silver platter, And what good would it be, With no one to share, With no one who truly cares for me.
Mandie look I'm saying this knowing it probably won't change your mind about how you feel right now but I can tell you (c)
get back with Quinn to set that date up for the 19th Saturday
#FOLLOWMEALEX please please please please
Wow!!! Why so much hate?!
Or Lilian too.
#nomorebull if u got something to say to me say it
PUNCH TODAY....BLOOD RED RIVER {WEST INDIES RUM, TAWNY PORT, STRAWBERRY, KUMQUAT, MANDARIN, SUGAR, WATER} SOURCE; DEREK ALEXANDER
You like me.I like you. Everytime we see each other we act like strangers and don't talk often.
I need to talk to you now about getting essential item left on bus. Please Message me ASAP
THOR was bad ass!
Duke University Survey Just In!!! 68% of US CFO's report having a hard time filling accounting and finance vacancies. We can help with that…
I presume under your law that labor union officials are exempt, right? They can continue to make up stuff with impunity? Hm.
who u talking about man ?
I'm really tempted to stay there :)
Ugh I am so sick of my leg hurting... Seriously... just cut it off already haha!
did turn you into one?
from your postgame notes, I'm a little confused why the rays win meant a 3rd seed for the rangers?
#IFA just opened and the crowds streaming in. #Dell booth buzzing. Come see us at hall 13
What would you like to see improved in your business turnaround management?
Glad u like the Fugazza. So yummy RY: Just had the best gourmet Philly cheesesteak eva. Thanks,
Whew - doggie -it's hot and humid out today. Beware of a big hair day!
already........when u ready get @ me. -www.intrigueurecords.com
and use of Shakespeare as organizing principle for a talk on Tweeting -- Vindication of humanities types in technology!
I was like WHERE ARE CORY EDDIE AND CHELSEA
Sho you right sho you right
You're my follower . Aha . Im not following yo ass back !
Doing laundry extremely late. I used to peak at noon. Now I peak at midnight. Get your shit together!
According to the kiddo, Christmas is not about eating roast beast. It is about eating cookies. Now you know. (We just watched The Grinch.)
That's a kodak moment!
#May day is my day!
Copyright wars make it hard for a jury to understand patent issues. Less about innovation and more about blocking competitors
MAN I CANT BELIEV THEY GOT ME DOIN THIS BOARD FOR THEM <<<<<<
Thanks ! We welcome the support and new ways to promote via
you are a loser. What do you have in there? Also, plaid shorts are not fratty.
Just got Emoji on my phone. #finally 
Thank you!
I'm going on a limb and say Tony Parker likes this attention.
Anything or anyone doing anything for the fight on Saturday?
Brutal day of tearing out our kitchen which was last updated by previous homeowners when they moved in to the 1908 house - in 1960.
you're awesome
Finally on Facebook
Finding a bottle of Swagger with a broken nozzle is like winning the lottery. There's no money, but you can still get laid.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Animal, Cannibal, The Fame, The Fame Monster, Born This Way, Teenage Dream, Stronger, Perfectionist, LOUD
Hey check us out man :)
nigga u on doe
If you can't go to Coachella, send coworkers who are off with a detailed breakdown of the schedule. Have fun and !
Bush II and Clinton held same position and they were both re-elected... Just sayin'
What about cocktail dresses?
Did the Mayans predict my dog going completely apeshit in my backyard?
‎5th of musquito piss gets me dreamin bout green janklin and samuel l jackson screams!!
Shoutout to for shooting 65 in first round of and tieing for lead
Here's to hoping I can make some kind of a difference:: medical school is my dream. This week is my answer .
Nice! They're definitely useful in those cases...we hope you're feeling better!
You'll find out who your true friends are :) I love you!!
I hate having dreams about zombies chasing me. Feeling a lot better now that Patrick Shields said that zombies could never exist lol.
So in two years I get to go to this right?
S/O to all my new followers! Follow my tweets for new updates and videos!
PA Lt. Governor, Jim Cawley is at our Pittsburgh office today talking about the tech scene in Pittsburgh. :)
(channeling Jules Bass) You just put one-tweet-in-front-of-the-other !! La la la...glad you're here :)
thx for the
bROCKING the ANCHOR INN in Anacortes, WA tonight! then a 14 hour Drive to Boise. ID. WHO :|
Maine is a cool state to which I am headed. I aint comin back to this hell hole, either. You can keep your Perry Queen and 100+ degrees.
"I just want to spend every possible minute of the rest of my life with you." Oh I would marry Peeta in a heartbeat! :')
they are in the dance,& thankfully Victor Cruz is leading that dance...
Monica: "Well, it was either a pink bunny, or no bunny at all." Chandler: "No bunny at all, always no bunny at all!!"
#oomfs looks different now 😳
got to see Pops Carter play a house show last night in Denton.. GOAT!
Trying to figure out where to go for NYE dinner. Decisions, decisions. In need of a pick me up!
Despite popular opinion America was based on the principle we should go chasing waterfalls.
Friends are family you choose
never thought I would ever ROOT for Indiana in anything but lets goo!
sometime the people you love are crazy.
Richie Farmer stole millions from taxpayers. Asked to comment, Barack Obama said: "I don't know him, but I like him already"
Because you RTd it lol & I get the feeling he wouldnt RANDOMLY notice my depressing tweets & try to cheer me up
Going to church doesn't make you a Christian any more than standing in a garage makes you a car.
na I'ma find some polos
Thanks for the RT!
Nutritionist say multiply your body weight by .37 to determine how many grams of protein your body needs each day.
lmao, nah. I'll tell you on Monday so I can see your reaction.
Why did Shorty take a hoodie pic for her AVI? I think that might be the last straw.
#28-Jake Long-OT-Miami Dolphins
Does the 4-Star wide-receiver who changed his committment from Notre Dame to Houston realize that Case Keenum graduated?
Just got back from Wisconsin ): Its so much better there then here
8:50 am & no parking at Toys R Us!!
thank u!
Your life is so hard RT : Why do I have to decide between seeing speak and having lunch with ?
yeessss!!! I know you'll push me! I love that!!
it'd be amazing if you favorited this..
Interviewing on Thurs for the 1st Flipped Learning Network Podcast! Tweet me questions & I'll ask as many as I can.
True pork passion comes in all forms. ;)
That awkward moment when the sentence doesnt end the way you think it cabbage.
You're so welcome!!!
LMFAO! RT : Spent months training to fight Munoz and now I have to fight a guy who sounds like "PIP" from South Park.
no rush
Mobile visitors are more likely to be responding to social media. -
Oil spewing into the gulf of mexico... when will we learn?
omg how much more lame can our school get?
Go Cubbies! RT The #Cubs are 9-6 in the last 15 games, good for the second-best winning percentage in National League since April 21.
Nice work Who doesn't love monkeys?
Hey, let us know if you ever have a customer appreciation day! We'd love to help you feed your peeps!
Triple Overtime baby!!!! Lets Go Rangers!!
kobe dont care what ppl say where as lebron doesnt want 2hear negative things, thats why he vanishes in the last secs of games
How to recognize the call? // RT Are you driven or called? There's a vast difference.
Boo allergies
lol oh I get it now
No better city than MKE!!! Go Brew Crew!!!
So excited for this game! Let's get this championship and put our dancing shoes on !
exactly what I thought. but now I know where all the cops r in my hood.
You have power to affect the lives of those around you. Your encouragement can be the difference-maker in someone's day, week or even life.
The #culturalmuseums event breaking for lunch (even museum directors have to eat!), we'll be back at 1:30 EST! Thanks for following along!
It's so great to know we have your guys' support. Many thx to , , for weather help!
”Wherever a dancer stands is holy ground.” -Martha Graham
Especially if you're saying you're worth a mil.
I asked my brother to make me an egg nog. He asks, "Do you want liquor in it?"... Um... Duh?!
wouldn't stabbing in the next make shouting impossible or at least a lot quieter? I guess they missed the windpipe?
follow me i follow you back how does that sound to you ?
Is facial hair yet another sports superstition? I've never seen such a variety of beards and goatees. #Watching The World Series
tried to see Jack&Jill but the projector broke b4 it started. It got 0% ratings so I guess it was a sign. i'm still sad tho
Yayyyy! Cannot wait!
who got it?!
Sunny-- Gorgeous finish to the week! HIGH: 59. Passover begins at 7:26 PM. Clear & Chilly tonight. LOW: 39. Sunny Easter wknd. HIGHS: 60-65.
You know that 52 years from yesterday we are so getting crunk.
#MyMomWouldBeatMyAssIf She knew the real me!
I'm a White Sox fan, you know, the real baseball team in Chicago?
Wishing mode :)
Me, yes. probably not. Doubt there will be much shop talk. Mostly trivia, eats & drinks.
We happen to agree! Which cocktail for today? RT every day is a great day :)
The only reason I want all drugs legalized is to see the commercials for them. Lol.
thanks for your sweet words! And we all have tough days. It's all in the recovery.... ;)
So sorry to hear about your phone and camera! Hope you can enjoy the rest of your vacation nonetheless.
Siri, download twitter for iPhone
it was certainly a twitter-worthy ordeal.
Another #week1 at #RIT. Ah. Welcome back everyone!
When a guy goes to a hooker, he's not paying her for sex, he's paying her to leave.
hi, I will be having a birthday party in the next 3 weeks and I want you to be there if you can:) miss the glades and I guys
Grt talk! RT : Mining other social movements for Breast Cancer Deadline 2020
new arty weekend video coming today
We plan to be at #HPmkt in Fall, see you there? RT : TY for getting the post together in time for the High Point Market!
kid looks rich, I might need a loan.
YOU"RE TOO OLD TO BE PLAYING IN THE PLAYOFFS!! YOU"RE GONNA HURT YOURSELF
Cats by 21.
hahaha that's great only he would notice that
So I have a little confession about myself for all of you: I would rather have a lot of inexpensive things than one highly expensive thing.
Very nice looking bike. Is it coming to the USA as well?
#20ThingsAboutMe all i eat is chicken nuggets and french fries
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN ! You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3
I can't wait to go to the lake this summer. 🎉🏊👙❤
Short film #Junshi that I was in won Best Sound Design & Best Narrative at the #VisuallyWiredFilmFestival!
Tip to the Kingdom: Your favorite Happy Hour may not be honored today since it is a "holiday." Call ahead to be sure!
Welcome to #smchi ! We're thrilled to have you! Aloha!
Thx for this factoid. MT : 40% of all vehicle trips are 2 miles or less.Substituting bikes can have a positive impact.
BOI needs a director with current hands-on experience at similarly sized airport.CCDC director was chosen by CCDC not the City.
What an incredible game!!!! Let's go KU!!!!
#Northwestern vs #Illini game at #Wrigleyfield this Saturday. Will YOU be watching?
So I heard that the Boston College Eagles are the NCAA Men's Ice Hockey Champions!!!!
“: We forget things we need to remember and remember things we need to forget.
RT : Be the type of person you would want to meet.
Need some Merlot...
Awwwh, thank you, Jordan! I hope you have a wonderful Friday!:)
the title alone is cringe-worthy
ISM index: U.S. manufacturing sector expanded at a slightly faster pace in April; The index climbed to 54.8% last month from 53.4% in March.
I hate school more than ever now.
Next of the Winnipeg Free Press [ ] on their "News Café"; IRL public interface to their
What I learned in HR today, genetically we are all mutts...bring on the diversity management!
all day i have been watching how to videos on youtube!
Wasted Wednesday dawg
Aargh, how am I in a bank building all day and STILL forget to buy my rent money order??
lol yea I left b4 he came out lol :/
for work I take it
America changed
When he gets older, I'd tell him he used to have a brother, but he didn't obey
hahaha ☺ it is relieving! 👱🔫
i would love to play Savannah, can you recomend some acoustic venues?
That would make me feel both better and worse.
what's up nickyballz how you dern??
Bahhh that's the worst! Lost keys?
yes that is lol .. so whatsupp been a while
hahaha and your teams rings!
thanks for sharing that with me ;) now i want one
Sprinting in heels... probably not the best decision I've ever made.
It's a grind man we'll get to the top tho RT : thanks bro, ill be up all night draft work haha
I wanna see this OKC game Lowkey.
was kicked out of TP for shooting w/o a permit...after she drank beer at the style shoot.
Will you have game audio on for the Butler vs. Florida game?
do you even celebrate Thanksgiving???
I love you wifey.... Go to bed.
I'm slowly evolving into the person I want to be.
I don't y my tweets tweets keep effing up!
I am receiving excessively high RG&E bills & they won't help me figure out why. Who can help me?
If its Pats vs 49ers, baseball can't come soon enough.
If Christians come from Jews, why are there still Jews?
koolio give me a call on da cell
I don't think we're doing one.. unless someone else is planning one. It'd be fun though. x
Blue Jays fan that says don't give up! Alright, maybe our pitching prospects are better. Sorry.
thx. That means a lot. :)
I love the delta!
packing for my moving.. can't believe I have accumulated so much stuffs living here 3 years..
Laughing because he's obnoxiously high, gotttaaaa love people!
God is flexing His muscle here in Arlington.
Just heard CEO & VP NA of Exlibris talk about the future of the company and its product.
Do what makes you happy. Be with who makes you smile. Laugh as much as you breathe. Love as long as you live.
iGot my cousinn on HOLD ' why my ear ' phone s in MUSIC First bby > 3
I just left class on my way :D
Why did Kinnear sub for Davis? I thought he was playing well in the first half...
Just kidding...Saturday will be our big move to the new Kiss 97.3 studio. *date subject to change* lol
Life is renewed, Past is erased, it all came together, When I looked at things your way.!
Near Farmington, Ca, witnessing a real live California wildfire. Holy crap.
MAN, COCO GON BE SICK TONIGHT!! CRANKIN THAT SHIT ALL THE WAY UP TONIGHT!!!
Open up the flood gates of my eyes and let it rain on me
& i think a lot of corn is genetically modified isn't it? am i wrong on that?
Performing Live, In 6 Minutes
Lol. Just say boyfriend- justin Bieber... I want to know Selena gomez's opinion on the vid. (:
FYI, hubby's next bribe for my quitting smoking? The Harlow book you reviewed...and a collection of her movies. :)
Look back, and smile on perils past. -Sir Walter Scott
ARE YOU GOING TO SHIP TODAY?
Good Morning! Well Afternoon from NYC!
Game of Thrones is back yes!!!!!!
no I didn't, sorry I just saw this message too.
would have taken a sweet pic of a ham and gouda croissant but gobbled it up instead
When I'm at home I always wear my glasses.
Good luck with that! LoL :)
I dare you to carry one afterall I did ! ;D
Come to our Informational Session today! 6 pm at Alfiero 102.
"RT when u do 6 things you do zero things" <-- Thank you! Made my day, possibly my life!
While we wait: Who wants to explain why every one rushes to get on the plane, as if you will get there faster than everyone else?
"Angry black man day" today...I swear...sometimes I don't think people really understand how that works. We still get mad about that BS.
there we go now that makes sense
If you walk in front of my car in the middle of the road, I will not hesitate to hit you
2012 PR tip #2. Get back into a regular routine with blogging, tweeting, friending, connecting, posting.
Sneaking food into the movie theatre, $3 for a bag of skittles my ass.
Feels like I'm falling in love alone.
#AGBT We just had lunch with the fine people at Afternoon session of Genomic studies. Right now " Sequencing 1000s of Genomes"
Ok. I'm a bit slow to using this but finally figured out that Command+[ or ] moves fwrd/back in Finder screen Yea. #dzntip for #macosx!
right back at ya ;)
It's amazing what our food has in it....or lacks, that we need. Have you seen the documentary on Codex Alimentarius?
Word. RT : Stoked for SXSW. Love rock. Need warmth.
I'm still a bit confused, is the Flash faster than Superman or is Superman faster?
Work was funny AF
Drip drip drip as I kiss both sets of lips!
k I'm down! Whenever just let me know
Yay! for Kris Humphreys. Congrats on marrying Kim Kardashian. Your life long dream of becoming famous is finally happening. Mr Kardashian
Feels great to workout! I want to draw something up now.
GUYS, the new TweetDeck for Chrome brought back RTs and killed those damn quotations marks. Finally.
I hear you. I think you're doing great. Keep it up!!
Snowball fight at 3?
PRINCE WAS JUST JUST CRAZY HE IS TOTALLY THE FREAKIEST ONE
Could someone please convince this fly to stay still long enough for me to swat him?
Tammy too old for the bullshit she's ratchet
I get same as
If the world hustles, Who's getting hustled? Make friends not fans!
They passed no more. The Washington Redskins are rich in talent and John Beck can kiss his roster spot good-bye
(Rich) moved IR upstairs. Investigating down. Swapping teams.
I'm in the same situation...
Omg, school is stressful.
To make up for the lack of dog food factories RT : Why does Edmond have so many trains?!?!
#culturalmuseums Ques re how gender b handld in women's mus. R Suarez asks what that would look like.Meanwhile all men on stage here.
Apparently Ozzie Canseco has a Twitter account (), but how do we know it's not just Jose tweeting in his place?
Finally! Cross-compiled #mono 2.8.1 for #OpenWrt on #armeb and used it to run a small #FSharp program on an
Time to go to the hospital.
Philip Humber throws a perfect game!
I know API calls are limited to 150 calls per hr per account. Not sure about IP though, so you sure about that?
While I'm a fan, I must respectfully disagree. As a DC Fireman I must say Go CAPS!
Congrats Raymond! RT : I have never been more excited to engage in school and coursework! Can't wait!
Lunch would be great. Let's DM next week, work out the details.
Is there a public talk associated with this visit? Would love to attend if so.
RT Pepps!Vote YES to merger! Reject rumors. Our earned pensions are protected by Federal Law in a merged union:...
j-mikes motto????
Really? I considered it but was afraid I'd catch fire.
dude this is where it's at -
girl is bear crawling around my house
Think #logotv should pick up the lost episodes of
I'm on a mission for perrier in the gaslamp wish I had my board.. attn
It's finally the #weekend! Celebrate by having a Bartab drink at one of our partner venues around #Chicago!
I loved 24....they should bring it back Kiefer
happy birthday :)
And Congrats to our hermana for being inducted into the GW Hall of Fame!! Theta Chapter is doing big things :)
come through tomorrow yoooo Gaby and Fanelli are coming!
#20ThingsAboutMe; 11. I'm generally nice until you start to dislike me for no reason.
#Entrepreneurship takes a lot of creative energy. Where do you get inspiration?
Down in the concourse of McMahon Stadium before the teams took the ice for the warm-up
#ff the clean green experts
Not only was Chris Brown not singing, he was singing over a syth track.. So he's was pretending to sing a song that he pretended to sing.
Theres tumblr couples and people asking for a tumblr boyfriend/girlfriend. We should do that for twitter. Starting now! Twitter boyfriend?
A #FrozenStrawberryLemonade Sounds SO Good Right Now :P
I want every color of vans. Yeah.
Glad the coasted into the post-season
Did you #vote Milwaukee? I DID! I voted for a great loan package from and lower energy bills at home!
Now I have no one to talk to. -.-
Has not lost?
Hehe yeah, I think I'm doing pretty well, well hope so :]
I agree!! Have a great race day!!
- 5GB storage for #googledrive alleviates some of my worries about hosting video in student accounts for portfolio work!
Thinking about introducing my comrades in Wales to possibly the first thing Americans made after breaking from the Church: Hot buttered rum
WAKE UP
We would totally recommend that Bright Eyes/Kurt Vile show if wasn't the lamest venue in town. You'll go anyway!
Yeah, buddy! Cant wait :) MT : God Morning #DC! Today we’ll be dishin’ the goods at
I feel you on that one
yes, she was classified with autism and hyperlexia.
RT : Congratulations to all of the #MiraAwards winners, including and ! Indy is lucky to have you guys.
Thanks Chris
Awesome! I'm a big man on basic cable.
don't forget to take full advantage of Horrock's free samples. I remember when that place was little more than a produce stand.
Dude, you're on the trip of a lifetime!
It's a beautiful night to sit outside and play with CJ in his new sandbox.
She sucked the skin of this dick you shoulda seen this bitch!!
lol...been there many times
Doesn't he always? RT : is doing a great job tonight!!
Joanne Roukens on the challenges of regularly posting to the blog: "you know how much I enjoy organizing things!" TRUTH! :-)
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual. The big headliners are kind of meh for me though. Cool to see but not that excited.
Music,money, weed
#FF to and for a great panel at #delivesf! Keep rocking the BtoB world!
Keith Sweat's Nobody. Now That's baby making music.
u dont know me that well
Fiona Apple at Cain Park on July 6th. That is all.
Tweet me anything that u liked on Twitter of the year 2011! RT!
I have died every day waiting for u darlin don't be afraid I have loved u for a thousanr years I'll love u for a thousand more :-)
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Why haven't you answered my calls?
WATCH, GIVE, and RETWEET! ://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVkU4_EOTuI
I've decided that for 2012, #pickles are the new
Nooschi: Mission Chinese Food, San Francisco
Why am I awake? :(
RT It takes a big person to apologize. It takes an even bigger person to accept an apology. Be big.
Loving my Badgers, 2-0 vs tO$U. Jordan Taylor for
its okay./: ugh and I really wanted to meet him
LOL! You'll have to give me the recipe;-)
": i am mike sorge. i am a pretty pretty princess. #tweetjack" yes! I'm glad this is still happening.
i kindve want some fried fish and cornbread and rice and greens and some fried chicken AND some sweet potato pie AND some apple
thanks! How much are they?
summer summer summer summertime!
I'll call, to make sure you got the email.
Its friday. There is a new M83 album. I finished my reading. And did I mention its friday?
If you could give me the time I could show you why I'm better than her . ღ
Nothing's wrong
Thanks! I will be out of the Frankfurt office. Just finalizing a few things before I move.
Love begins in a moment, grows over time, and lasts for eternity.
Good morning #NRAshow - look for the Food Genius team walking around throughout the next four days!
It's the playoffs got ups and downs still nothing to worry about
"TELL YA FRIENDS"NO4 ft.DMX & DANI STEVENSON.PRODUCED BY 3X GRAMMY WINNER DEEZLE.video ON YOUTUBE
I just finished a 2.22 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Hey #hyperlocal #BloggersWeLove! If you're wondering where I am, I'm tweeting over Please follow me there :) -
What are the tix for? Sorry, but I'm camping all weekend so prob can't make it but THANKS for thinking of me. ;-)
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
we will have all games on NCAA and
Jackie, thank you so much for the happy #ff! Have a great weekend.
Eat high fiber foods, they keep you fuller longer!
RT If I could have one super power it would be the ability to literally smack sense into people.
F*cked up big time :'(
sounds like a #keeper RT A person I don't know whose favorite sport is "water bed sex" just sent me a fbook friend request
Romo must put up a solid performance tonight to shut up the people that consider him a choker. Jessica's gone so what's the problem?
Cat: Meow … Me: Meow? … Cat: Meow meow … Me: Oh my lord. I speak cat.
#WhenAGuy Hugs You From Behind Your Waist <3
sounds like a great topic. good luck!
trust me when I say I need a new twitter name
you to
Harry Potter: the most interesting thing about the studio tour?: The magic of the Harry Potter Studio Tour is as..
Twitter is dead
practice at 8am is really throwing of my sleep schedule for this break...
About To Put On The Headphones, Music Is Deff My Life . ;)
The Cheesecake Factory has a menu that's 21 pages long. So why can't I find anything to order?
I don't like #AngelsAndGentlemen. I LOVE IT!
I would like to know who taught Tim Tebow how to throw a football...
": PARTY AT SAKIIS NEXT WEEKEND!"
And now a gigantic FUCK YOU to all the twats that said the Magic would be swept. Suck it hard.
Who you WERE isn't as important as who you ARE... and it definitely doesn't hold a candle to who you're going to BE.
We think the indego-sporting blue mix is bad, how ab the ref outfit?
What area of town? I can keep my eyes peeled...
We're having a great time with our show We are meeting really interesting people from all over the country and world.
This is my twitter. There are many twitters like it but this one is mine.
Happy birthday Molly ( ) you're destined to become a starcatcher. Just kidding. Happy birthday!
TOO BAD HE DID PLAY. Kobe is nothing. You see McGee show him up.? Cuz I sure did.
Up early? Cheer on the #FunRun participants! Step off is at 7am at Reverchon Park & Katy Trail #alamw12 Shuttle: DCC or the Sheraton @ 7am
Now they're listening to records produced by David Guetta, Benny Benassi, Afrojack & Diplo on the hip hop / r&b stations
owp ill have an british accent awsomeeee:)
I have a couple of wireless mice and receivers. Any thoughts on ...
Thank you. I hope it stirs a new swell of patriotism and a remembrance of those who've served.
Damn me for being so stubborn... Never again will I wear short shorts outside at night...
Back in the day.(':
Back from a week long vacation; I will get back to those who sent me messages while I was out of the country.
ugh, I'm not sure if I like either one! I use this for mainly professional stuff but it's better than the egomaniacs on fb
first they love me and then they hate me,now they love me again ...smh
Thanks buddy, let's catch up when I return.
Yeah! Thanks for registering!
I have two tracking numbers!!!
"do you guys think im a know it all?" "yes, minus the knowing it all part"
Larry F-ing Luchino joins Don and Jerry in the 4th. Would be a great time for everyone to switch over to Joe Castig.
Would love to be a photographer in D.C. today
I adore Lala's show!
what happen to simple strings
Isn't there some hydroplaning or a cat show you could be watching right now?!?!
Why is law and order only played in all-day marathons? Sub-question: is it better to burn out or fade away?
I'll have this recipe and 2 others to share in a week or so.
your stuff is lovely! thanks for the follow.
I want some breakfast!!!!
Wait no seriously how old is Victoria Walsh
Need some help planning? We can help you find clubs, shows and even some awesome adrenaline rushes ^AP
RT : The problem with people who have no vices is that you can be sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
Help me help #Baltimore, contribute to my campaign right now online - bit.ly/oAs3ds Thank you so much!
oh shit I can watch it online!!!!
congratulations on level 59!!!! :) Please re-add me as a friend on pandanda... please. GRATZZ
Just met a true playa
You are very beautiful!
Great job on the #OpenGov panel today! Really enjoyed the conversation.
'Bout time, fatty!
i love rap music why do you ask?
Forcing people to pay attention. Group Leader Interview
I texted you -_-
Looking forward to meeting w/ the team at in just a bit!
No problem ! Followed ! :D
sometimes life just throws all the shit at you at once, and it doesn't feel particularly good
Aw (Tear) lol
An Xcellent martial arts publication
Not with the Cubs bullpen...
“ I'm gonna follow you!”
Knowing you're going to the gym but still eat McDonalds
Oh, I'm excited for your new website!
I'll be there to heckle !! That's worth something right? Haha jk spates
can i just meet them already, then when im sad i can just think about the time that i met them and be happy
It was perfect! I'm shooting for running RnR SD full.. but am behind in training. Will @ least do the half. Miss u out here!
At the studio working on some photos.
ill just keep acting like its not bothering me, when its actually killing me..
Where? I need some decent sangria in my life!
beat that beat up
Today evolves around the Laker game.
RT wish I could have gone to #FinalPerk at but I was home. it's like the down side to being home =[ ]=<--sorry!
lol 5 am I need an alarm clock to get up. Cause I never get up that early. I'm not that much of an early bird :P
not sure if morphine is the 100% best way to go although it feels good :)
follow the actions or beliefs of others, individuals directly prefer to conform, or because individuals derive information from others
you're welcome! 😘
im going to make it my mission to talk to her next semester
I'm pretty sure my glasses are crooked.
Is there anybody out there? Did the NW suddenly become scared of rain? The block is dead.
soldiers quartered in citizens homes: no one can be forced to keep soldiers in their home in times of peace.
I am so excited that Anne and George-Michael will reunite in battle in the new M. Cera movie.
Sometimes I'm afraid to speak my feelings, but in the end i know my heart won't let me live if i don't speak what's on my mind.
It all comes down to just over a minute. Go Niners!!
" what's the name of your restaurants in new york: Talk 2 me West Coast"
u feel that?That itch?yeaah that tattoo itch whats that you cant get one before basic?Aw ill tell u how much I enjoy it:)
I vehemently disagree. At least not inherently, maybe some. re: "I think what people make with is art." —
If you're trying to craft a work email that says "this is f***ing bulls**t" in diplomatic terms, the best thing to do is not even send one.
i saw a guy that looked like you a couple weeks ago. haha.(:
Has anyone out there built a social media strategy for themselves? Meaning for their own personal Twitter usage?
I need to get this money up so i can get another car can't wait
I really don't understand the "lady" walking around, unnecessary for a "workout video".
Headed to #FellsPoint tonight to catch up with some friends :)
Bored as hell need to find somethin to do
I still love you lotto
Great point. However, dinosaurs had brains while the lowly roach did not! One successfully adapted; the other not!
i m new to twitter like u:) m luking 4 ways 2 implement it like u:)
Stop complaining on twitter, no one really cares.
Today: info meeting today from 5:30-7:30pm @ Linda Vista Hospital! Hear about its plans to renovate and provide affordable senior housing!
Yes Murray County water has it ALL!!! No need to cross state lines! 
y do u hate everyone
I might cook up some beets. ..so I can say, "My beets are cooking" and a variety of other puns. I've got a pun in the oven.
Not today- Mara Liasson! Scott Horsley, cast of thousands
I'm shivering D:
hahaha at the end of the day, they relax and celebrate...ant style. #Fiesta!
You should try it out! It's all about the speed of scan-to-edit-to-sharing. What used to take hours now takes seconds.
Thanks for coming out last night!
The sky has been waiting to ice-hail. (pun intended)
That lady took anger issues to a new level
quit changing your name then.
“: Huh ? RT : Nice win. Great to b a part of it.” meaning to b on the team.
Go Giants!!!
Having an amazing view is kind of torture. OB is gorgeous and clear today, but I'm watching the waves through the window... while working :(
My parents aren't letting me go today, because my car cannot even leave the driveway.
i know I should have, didn't leave the office until 6:15pm and still had to grocery shop. who all went?
of molehills u hit me twice yea but whos counting i may have hit u 3 time im startin to loose count but together well live forever we found.
Would you call Wainright's curve a 80 or 70?
oh no
Sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make. ~ Donald Trump
": Congrats to Justin Lofton () for winning Series Race at ! #NASCAR #RACING "
Thanks for the heads up. I have added the release to Drymounted. Cheers!
Tomorrow meet Laura Dave, author of The First Husband, at 7:30PM via Skype! You don't have to read the book in order to attend.
Now I'm done for the night. Exhausted yet satisfied. I have composed a tweet.
Go ahead & say what you want, but it's fancy top ramen.
Why haven't we invented teleportation yet?! This is some bullcrap!
Excuse me while i watch Jc Caylen be hot..Daaaymmm ;)
I like the movie Titanic
don't let pimp u. Be smart & stay focused. Justice must do it's job! Trayvon isn't abt murder...It's about justice!
i'm doing #4ii.. was thinking nancy hobbes and rousseau. do you have notes on rousseau at all?
I think I'm going to put my first book out about sprouts with recipes and stuff. It's an easy way to boost your nutrition.
How easy for you to now be with someone else... Truth be told... Completely breaks me... What do I do with this?
you guys are amazing! I love this show and hope to join your team someday!
Nice work! :D
A Pancho will come in handy right around now. And no I do not mean my uncle!
I'll take it! Way to battle back!! We are still alive! Let's bring it back to Orlando!!
that means a lot coming from a big shot like you!
Art-making taps into our flexible intelligence, helps us remember our connections, feel hopeful, hold contradictions...
Gotta do something fun to speed things up
that just made my night.
Recently we received this question and felt that it was something that many people face at some time in their lives
I really thought that there was no way that you would follow me. But i guess i was wrong. #NEVERSAYNEVER right?
This is defiantly true! “: #Scorpios are loyal friends and mates”
#OH: say 'what do you mean it's April?!'….We let her know that it's actually May ;o)
ghvfddhhjujkkbgg they'll be a fucking fantasy team. They'll be called their Bulldozers or the AssKickers
Outdoor bbq today. We will be grilling shish kabobs and chicken satay. Plus we have happy hour from4pm-close in the lounge every day.
Little Women. Wasn't the first book I read. I was too young when my father gave it to me (1st grade) but I WANTED to read it.
I still want part of nebula as a tattoo, but haven't been able to figure out how I could do it and have it come out well.
I want to come!
your welcome! and Thanks I root for him and Denny every week
Good practice in Richmond, nice to knock some dust off. I'm definitely out of practice, but hey, I forgot my chausses & I can still walk!
Studio plans its last dance among the cars - Oregon City News
We all have that one friend who we greet with an insult.
he said I was grade A top choice meat
"You're a mean drunk."
I know a hotel in PA with no windows in the rooms! Really weird...
Thanks!, And Ciao! See ya next time we're in the Med!
We are running a promotion through the end of March 50% off
Hey! Thank you so much!
Who's ur pro pic of now?
Haven't tweeted in a while...feels good to be back. Now i am braving the Dallas cold to hit the gym!
We are Black History
Best of luck ! Go win one for us!
Just being me: feminine and free, I threaten the established order.
girl ima have just as much in loans!! Freaks Me out!
Got that new 2012 grind. #Streetlit #ebooks on the rise. Like that young cat Future say. ASTRONAUT STATUS.
RT : Just can't live that negative way...make way for the positive day. Huya!
A metaphor for the Senate today? Billionaire Democratic U.S. Senate candidate Jeff Greene fined $1.8MM when145 ft yacht damages coral reef
Happy St. Patrick's Day!. Not for #News in #Boston. The #SEO leader asked a man at #job interview "How Old Are You?" 41 =
Chris Pirie using Khan Academy to help paint a picture of the future of learning and development.
Beautiful women in yoga pants. God bless
Tomorrow is the big day! We are open until 5:30 tonight!
late on the intro...I just released a single & am working on a CD release 4 later this year. Singer/songwriter, performing musician.
Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin
CONGRATULATIONS FRANCISCO LIRIANO ON YOUR NO HITTER!!!!
"Forgive me Father, for I have sinned" -- , as he opens the Canisius webpage on my computer. (I almost killed him).
Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped. -- Chinese Proverb
Where is Gus Johnson when you need him for VCU/Wichita St game?
yeah you could be talking to me at 1am that's horrible
Do you have a help page on how to customize the primary portal on ? & I can't find one that details it
just pet the furry wallpaper if that happens...couldn't resist lol.
I'd rather go to Brazil than/then Taco Bell.
hey, i love you. and i thought you should know that your amazing and im so lucky to have you. okay bye babe.<3
Day Two of fashion shoot complete! Shout Outs to staff & models!
ahaha tomorrow gonna upload the pics of my webcam with my bff at tinychat haha what a funny and perfect moment at tinychat
As a business owner your goal is to replace yourself with systems. It's the only way to build an excellent company.
At school :/
We lowered the sky. There's less room.
Can't j walk everywhere
Heading to Muncie tonight with ! Yay!
Chris Brown? *Waits For Justin*
I hope wins the tourny
I like more unsigned bands than signed bands!!!! wtf? what happened to the music industry????
Hey, my name is Tiffany Nicole too, just a little different. Lol.
take time to understand ur woman,U'l find alot of annoyances naggings & frustrations vanish...Communicate with her & she will open up to u!!
i know, im so exhausted like i wanna pass out..
I love when clients come up with a funny ideas for their videos. Shows their sense of humor to their industry.
if the penguins don't win their next game against the flyers, i will be very sad.
Your feeling cornered try being the victims of your lies
story of my life
mike u have my number...
shout out to Chris Walker from all the Kentucky ladies
Thurs. morning, ye of little Noam-related patience.
NTN, UFC, Live Trivia, Bingo, Poker, Karaoke, Sports Packages and fast, free Wi-Fi keep you entertained.
come to the U.S. Babe Im in the nations Capital RT Hi babe, I need you !!!
This was my first year participating, and I will never be the same. Thank you for all you do for !
Tibs with a great call out of TO...
How about o'psychopath?
Chris Bosh gets hype !!
so far this RRangers-Caps series has been the most equal great series so far. Shame one of these teams will not move on
the summer goin pass fast and i aint did shit i wanted to yet
interesting..let me follow up. Thanks.
lol all time great show.. Tried to tell to watch it but doesn't think its good smh
Cant Wait Till 2morrow Wilding Out On Dat Bus
hey andrea how are you ?
Hold on. Change is coming. Everything is gonna be alright. 💙
I guess I will have to bring my DD-214 so I get out alive.
follow me ;$
Glad we went. Its awesome that you & are fun AND professional; those are 2 qualities rarely paired in folks so young
Bout 2 get home earlier than usual.. #extra nap time bitches!! ✌
I know the feeling!
April can't come soon enough! Thanks again for using ShowClix Sam. Have a wonderful time :)
I knew it would be her. It's the curse of being the only contestant I actually like. Oh well.
Kinda awesome, but by Akatosh, I've already played over 400 hours of this game. Must. Resist. #Kinect voice commands added to
About to listen to Football Weekly Extra. I've read good things about fellow owner 's tetchiness in this weeks pod.
So my #allergies are freakin killing me today -_- cant breathe! And my eyes are watery.
what time ?!
Waiting for the grass to dry so starting the day watching "The Muppets" with the kids. Then outside for playing, swinging and sliding!
HAHAHAHA. Kevin Federline is in this episode of CSI. HAHAHAAHAHHAA.
Been struggling with nails of the week posts nothing is turning out good enough to feature! :/ hm trying a new look now....
Get down on your knees and tell me you love me - My obsession with this song is unhealthy
Just passes my drug and alcohol test!!!!! :D
what is this "think orange" business?
Awe don't feel good.
": Muthafuckas be struggling trying to impress their friends....."<=#Truth...rockin Trues when they should be in Wranglers!!
hey girl. How's your leg :(( I saw you hurting on that last race.
#Lin Ninja Spin in the lane!!!
How many of you all say fridgerator? So fuck the re.. Lol
My mom just goes "I think you should hook up with You'd have cute babies." Oy.
Thank you :)
Oh man... #gluten-free cupcakes at in #Ballard!
“: Happy Friday everyone! Tonight we have Celtic Tenors, and this Sunday, Macbeth! Join us!” Ok! Well for tonight at least.
Um yeah I think I have been...
forget it, its at 6 and ends around 7.
way to go!!
I always love when my Swedish best friend mangles an expression. It's "I'm at fault" not "I'm in fault."
And amusement parks are for grownups too!
manners and etiquette LEARN
can you tweet me just once. i seriously love you and that would probably make my life. <3 :)
Strap broke on my sandal before I walked for grad
not enough $$ Walmart will pay 8.10 an hr and benefits!
Some trivia this fine Tuesday: What percentage of Americans stick to their New Year's resolutions? (Ours was to drink more beer. Success!)
ewww you're gonna be sick
alot of money
- not really in dha mood people are so selfish even family dats not right
Thanks for the welcome! Please give us a try next time you find yourself in the financial district!
Citation issued to man accused of starting wildfire
Thanks for the RT!
Go in for a check up, doc notices my drunk bruises and sends me in for a full blood work up, mentioning leukemia??? Wtf??!
I hate being awake first when i'm at my friends house, but I also hate being last.
01/27/10, STAR Award winners share how they have made some dramatic differences in their teams and organizations. register: www.astdrmc.org
bolt to the world 9.82 you predicted
Little relive of college rocking out to Vampire Weekend before hit the rd to Nashville 4 the audition!
Finally made it to bookshop and lending library in Boyle Heights. It's great! just like everybody says.
: I don't recall talking to you on the trolley but yeah I was @ SWC as well doing transfer credits/Sun too. Do you have a facebook?
Just returned from Chicago after completing the YMCA's CEO Institute program. Met a group of other amazing YMCA CEOs and facilitators/prese…
Jajaja im so stupid if you gays what to know y tweet me because its so boring
Thank you for all the updates for !!!
how did Hughes/Winn look today?
who wants to go eat sushi w/me(: ?
hahaha see this is why you guys are awesome :)
This week marked first time I've started to build large #Drupal 7 site & had to apply lots of patches but feels good to be free of Drupal 6.
Family is everything.
hope you feel better soon!
If it wasn't for my dad
a big fan!! thanks!!
What a hell of a game**
knees shaking, palms sweating.. I must be going to the dentist
NICE! You crack me up!
thanks so much Cathy! Ray & Joe are awesome ! If ur interested the 'Miseducated' album's available from me direct.
nah, they just can't find any open wireless networks
I am gonna to try to wear purple everyday this week for
BEST TIME EVER
Thank you. Flattery will get you everywhere.
Been doing alright- getting by. What about yourself?
If I weren't in just my third week of a new job, I'd most definitely be staying home tomorrow. So much suckage.
You saw that craziness sent too huh?!
If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.-- Henry Ford
#livegive same here and that sounds good period!!! man im hungry!!!!!):
Please help us get the word out about - bringing hope & joy to children in need for 22 years!
thanks for the follow and support Scotty the siamese twins album does rock check out if your in the chi
Notice how and all the other scum who commit usage of the word "slut" are mysteriously unable to counter women's logic.
#BREAKING! Reports of a few cows tipping over and the only shed at the epicenter of the quake in Virginia straightening up a bit.
I'm quite informed thank you very much; I just have a different opinion than you. And I don't care what you consider me.
They do. But in all fairness to MLB, who wants to handle a warm cup of urine? Blech.
new focus: running four miles a day with "eye of the tiger" on repeat on my iPod
Lol that's what's up, when u coming up to the A RT : already am lol I got on his music last semester
Are you in need of food for volunteers? We would be happy to bring by some pizzas.
Never enough Primus.
interesting & needed
Very successful discussion for how to get DH Certificate program off ground heading into the Fall.
Ain't nothing like living by yourself enjoying your own space
So I've been sitting on my dad's tailgate for like 15 minutes & there's a huge bruise on my leg from it. Awesome.
I love walking home along 42nd Street.
if you ever looked at the scores of the mini games, my friends brother was webkinz world. He hacked webkinz hahaha
Lol right.? :P I need gel so I don't get an afro now...
#TeamCREW retreat in 1 week. Denver here we come!
Thank you for the #FF!
What'd you do this weekend, besides watch the Hawks win in a SICK overtime?
Giving someone else #equalrights does not infringe or take away your rights. It just makes it illegal to enforce your prejudice and hate.
I hate group projects so much. Especially when people don't do their part of it and you are combining parts, so you end up doing it.
Replace negative thoughts with positive ones
I'm not enjoying the atmosphere and pay at my 9 - 5, are you? Let's connect about an individual business soon!
that video is creepy like really idk i might never sleep cause of it
Go for the 3, no foul games!
Bulls Vs. Boston Tickets still available for the Game tomorrow night. Call us at 888-493-0004 or purchase on our website
website for our math at college went down, so NO WORK TODAY!! WOOOHOOO!
aw hi!! thank you!!!
girl i been locked down, LOL
It is what it is
Most exciting breakthroughs of the 21st century will not occur bc of technology -but bc of an expanding concept of what it means to be human
/ 24 hours too long. Need faster flips. 3x daily IMO for tB channel. At least right now.
On paper at least, it's looking like I could rattle off four or five wins in a row!
Thank you so much. So appreciated.
Cinci! I'm a few hours away from there
yeah it's a a clever show
Thank you it was a great party last night
Please let me know if you are at VMWorld.............I have some good opportunities for you.
that's a lot.
I dunno. With the sash, you could become a South American dictator or something. Especially if it's red.
dude when have u rocked a show??? I can say u have rocked a club but a show??? does this guy think he's tiesto???
It was cool on the town , my city (Memphis) got some of the baddest females.
You shouldve seen the gang of showbiz reprobates who turned up at my pad after #concertforheroes ricky hatton is kipping on my sofa!
Better Web Builder - htp://mybwbsite.com/2915272/op . It's FREE!
LOL - thanks for the RT! I'm excited to see what my students find when they start analysis :) - How's Boston?
Terrific library test kitchen session on turn of 20th cent library appliances, furnishings, systems, architectures.
Take A Pic Of It
Absolutely love recruiting calls. Love to talk to young players who are hungry to make their name known in the college basketball world
ready for summertime.
#scms12 "spam is another way to say i love you"
I haven't seen you since that time I hoped I'd never see you again.
I hate kids who are full of themselves. Especially when they suck at what they're so full of themselves about.
Quit complaining will ya'?:)
Made a pretty good dent in my paper research today. Hoping I can finish this without getting any gray hairs!
WHAT were you doing.
Yea....whatever
Join our discussions on Reincarnation and the children who remember.
visiting my parents and attending my friends wedding. Might be out there for a month
The new pay-for-visibility experiment fits well with American law that equates money with free speech.
I'd tell kids about LGBT people all the way down to around age 4. It's not inappropriate to say "some boys love boys."
“: Los Angeles hasn’t changed me. I still put on leather pants one leg at a time.”
I fail at life... Tweeted ACU from ACU... -__-
But what happens if the ARC optimizing compiler releases the variable after its last use but before end of scope?
Yeah, "sins of the flesh" and all that. It was almost like conservatives believed we should only use our genitals once per procreation.
After some dreary cloudy days, we're finally beginning to get some real nice weather in New York enjoy it while you can can change overnight
i know you would get rid of me if you could ...but just face it boo boo im whats up
#10ThingsThatILike The seven days of the week and then Friday, Saturday, and Sunday again because they’re so awesome!
Psalm 97:6 The heavens proclaim his righteousness, and all peoples see his glory.
So it's true about atheists in foxholes? RT Please baby Jesus...give Tony enough fuel to finish the Brickyard in the lead.
Seeing an ex and you look cute but they don't >>>>>>>>>>>
Play Angels & Airwaves for the 5 o'clock drive home! Anything by AVA will do. Please and thank you ;)
love that song! And the funny thing is I hadn't heard it til I played Beatles Rock Band game. Lol. I bought Revolver after that.
: Online #poker enthusiasts are demanding legislation & won't go away or give up. Please markup the Online Poker Act.
I'm afraid to grow up because sometime It seems like things will never feel this beautiful again....
Yes. Your lips must be moist. Also, short fingernails help for the half-notes.
Only us bro. Hating on the skanky sister missionaries of new jersey. ugh
Exactly how I study. Lmao
East coast knows whats up and the secret Best digital shot and the 100th so funny
So great! RT : - Grab the Klennex! Great work !
thank you <3 :)
tatts are nice Thanks for the follow
Feels weird not sitting next to and watching one tree hill on this flight. Guess this crying baby will have to do.
I am somewhat concerned about how many times the announcers have said #sportingkc in the last 30 min.
KEEPIN UP WIT THE JONES'
It's advantageous to an author that his book should be attacked as well as praised.To keep fame,it must be struck at both ends.SamuelJohnson
Good morning 2 all.time 2 get the day going.
If I could build a time machine to 5 years ago, I would totally write a vampire book.
I make art from fish food. Really it's more of me overfeeding him until he explodes, but on a lighter note I think I discovered a new color.
The Iron Lady is a jocular live action "what if" cartoon fantasy about Meryl Streep serving as British Prime Minister. Dreadful.
I love looking at the Hollywood sign, there is something so magical about it. Its represents so much history and a beacon of hope to all.
So glad you had fun! And glad you liked Scott as well, of course. Great pic!
"you didn't have to cut me out!!!" tonight thats all I will yell at you
BTW, no hard feelings but I never respond to that True Twit thing. I understand if that's a deal breaker for some tweeps.
& I would love to celebrate 's birthday with you and but I have a phonebank. Have fun!
": I need some medicine to help me get inside of you" that's what he said-
awesome background. what is your best marathon time?
Awwwwwwwwwwh said he missed <3 i bet he does
Agree!--": @(me) that is because the Pro Left are on commission. They get paid for each negative thing they say about the POTUS."
perhaps an omen?
I'm starving
Just finished your expert setup. Let us know if you need anything else!
pt2 #radiohead ...listening to the Bends will get me sorted...
ITS Birthday ! She's 17!! Her name is chelsea ! SHOUTOUT CHELSEA & RENA!
use the metal thing and put it against the door, then tap the screwdriver with each one still showing
Let's go get a bite to eat one of these good ole' days.
Catching what's left of the 2nd quarter at work. Let's go LakeShow!!
I'll be there!
If you can't picture yourself with him in the morning, you shouldn't picture yourself with him at all....
Smh “: Tired, finally in bed”
#3WordsForYou "I kill you!" (Achmed the dead terrorist)
Imagine if Val Kilmer was your uncle.
#SilentAuction: A professor once urged students to march to city hall, noting that town leadership was no match to our "loudership." So true
The video that took of me dancing last night >>>
all is quite well :) I'm truly #blessed beyond measure.
Ah democracy! MT “: Overheard: "I fucking hate voters. They are all morons and liars. I am not talking to another voter, ever."”
The Red River Women's Clinic is the only abortion clinic in North Dakota. 70% of their patients travel over 2 hours to arrive there.
Chase scene. No running shoes were harmed in writing of this novel.
not familiar with them
i want to be an Librarian... lol they got bank
could you help us get some followers? Please?
I guess those times i wasnt being taken serious when i was all in were signs to let go
Chillin and super bored. Wish the holidays were over but the crazy part is I love christmas! I must be confused
oh so we're officially related now? I didn't realize twitter had so many features.
I'm in Pontiac, Illinois for the night & probably tomorrow night. Find out why in video update coming in a bit (slow upload)
Getting ready to show homes....In my parka.
Red Abbey is booking their U.S. tour for this summer! Stay tuned 4 their show dates! Let us know what city u would like to see #RedAbbey in!
FCPS has a mobile version of their website now Sayy whaaattttt?
Thank you all again for RTing that..
Over 100 works of art with heart!
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a WOOT WOOT ?(: lol
I give up. What?
3 mins into #AreYouThereChelsea? I think its worse than
me too. probly something to do w/ article writing issues
Watching Triple Dog..It's good so far(:
Twitter sees about 230 million tweets every day."
Thanks for the support!
Dayton Family. Lol... I see you bro! Haha
mama just said "wat say BOW BOW BOW" Ctfu .that was funny af
Peet's French roast, hands down
It's Wednesday?! Morning!! RT : Morning! Wednesday? Alright, alright, alright!
O great boosies free
What are some challenges #physical #therapists may face when trying to advance in their field? How can they overcome them?
Everything isn't all of what it seems!! Don't be so quick to make assumptions!!!!!!
plz follow she will follow u back!!!!!!!
I've come to realize, I hate not winning.
I'm sure it will be; will share responses later. Thanks for a handy common-sense piece.
Killed it! Thanks homie!
The trolls in the #spacex live feed are doing their job.
#sxswi #3ScreenMin built apps that allow for integration but they need to be better - we have good engagement
qr code for my company check out profile page
highjacked my ass 1am in the morning chillin ar wet willies dawm friends I tell u
I feel you girl!
You don't get choose how you're going to die,or when you can only decide how you're going to live
'Teens who talk back have a bright future' nxt time ur teen spits in ur face and calls u a bitch, just think, what a spirited young person!
I made Rice krispy treats .... :)
"A girl worth kissing is not easily kissed."
#SICK food poisoning
get that jui$e!
The WNBA draft
Today honestly couldn't get worse
#ChampagneMarathon TONIGHT Djs/LIBRAS/ Ladies ALL FREE before 11pm!! Come party at #618liveonwater YOU DONT WANT TO MISS THIS!!!
Summer is quickly approaching. If you eat Fit2Go and read this article on “5 Minutes to Flat Abs” you will be ready in no time!...
Its not whether you get knocked down; its whether you get up.
Long week. Taking a break swimming with xavier
JFG students Academy served 369 meals during a cancer symposium.
To our friends on the east coast - stay safe this weekend.
Tweeting in the middle of the lake. Woo!
oh darn. This is 2nd grade all over again. FAIL. 👎
Michael Ealy is too fine
It was great seeing you #TweetMarket too.
It certainly helped! Thank you for your support! :)
Ideal spring weather right now in #Oakland - rainy, stormy all night, Sun rises, and the clouds disappear. 2 days in a row :D
THEY LOVE YOU AND NOW I LOVE YOU TOO. finally someone who appreciates them lol!
": #Gemini seem to get the flu more than others."
I was descent. Alot like you played 3 sports so didn't get rolling until the spring break tourneys but did throw a no no my Sr yr
LAX sucks
Reflecting on the end of an era and came to this conclusion, I think I like Peyton Manning more than I like the Colts.
The author take is subjective! RT : History subjective Facts "interpreted" for meaning, for lessons.
Irish Coffee and a Movie!
And to think he was watching Problem Child . . . that had to be fake laughs for sure lol
Tried to click on the link, but it didn't work.
Im the type lf girl that my love cannot be bought although i do like to be spoiled from time to time
it's the best!
Waldorf pudding, chicken Lyonnaise highlight Titanic-inspired meal - Wicked Local
Can't remember..anyone know when did Casey work at Universal?? Thanks!.
Got that bad day feeling :/
Had a boring afternoon
great meeting you tonight! Thanks for everything!
Kuvia starts tomorrow and if you're not going then you are LAME.
Im pretty sure that gets told how hot he is like 5,000 times a day at least, but funny thing is, it's so true!
Thanks for the twitter shout-out and back at ya!
and now the task of getting everything back to normal begins!
I can't believe they peed on Frank White for this.
A person who finds her passion is a truly wise person
I wanna learn Kung Fu...like Neo did in the Matrix!
Werk #fashion RT : "Walk, walk, fashion, baby..." at London Hotel for #Genlux party
Say NO to the demands of the world. Say YES to the longings of your own heart. - Jonathan Lockwood Huie
All I can say is THANK GOD there are never ballot initiatives on the right to marry your cousin.
Waiting for Johnathon at mile 8 in Miami Half - 1st race ever!
yeah, not sure what is up with that. Trying to get to the bottom of it...
I have that bridal tea today. I'm really missing you! :( wish you were here!
we in the building
Plus Two's make this world just a tad bit easier to tolerate
its nice having alone time but I do wish I was with the fam
Free all you can eat ice cream sundaes!! #workperk :-)
thanks for the like!We found you as well!
Like us on Facebook. Just Bee-Cause! Tea & Coffee.
#dhtrial laughter from the chambers.
At school in the band room. This is the best place ever! Guitar time! :D do u play guitar?
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.rb
Congratulations to Keong Sim for having his series "Monday Mornings" picked up by TNT! Way to go!
RT #gilbaneboston E2 websites are too mission critical to operate in an ad-hoc way (But, remember it's useful to innovate @ the edge -jb)
would love to have you! RT Hmm. It's been a few years since I went. I just might come!
Great ending to #thevoice Jermaine is so deserving. Great voice
Whats for lunch today?
In 1,000 years people will dig up tanning beads and think we fried people to death.
Big thanks for being so real and on for all of us interested in pure, simple and healthy vegan cuisine from Blossoming Lotus
Tell people to follow us. There will be milk & cookies! <3
Just #FLY for no reason!
How can Faux news withstand the beating they are taking from the Daily Show. When I saw the O'Reilly show I knew it was coming. A beating.
hey make sure I know what you are doing this season
Apparently I type faster when the beats faster...discovered will listening to 6 foot 7 foot by Lil Wayne.
3 bad ass dudes right here! Follow these musical surgeons now!
was fucking awesome tonight!
The heights fiesta FTMFW
Just creeped one of Katy's friends and saw she tweeted about Britney and RTed it. No biggie
PR Tip: If u want your story on TV, think visually! If ur pictures are good they’ll end up on TV or the front page of the paper for sure!
who likes killjoys? they kill the joy and fun in life! if they were suppose to love life, at least have some joy in it!
"I had a chance to go to the NFL but Eugene is where my heart is" #inchipwetrust glad the big man & his visor are staying put. Recruit time
is that on high street?
Blessed be the name of the Lord!!
Today is the last day for the #jaws ride at #Universal #Orlando. We'll go and post a #video to our website.
Have a great day.
thanks for the Valentine's day piece retweet! Hope you had a great one!
We have been getting a lot of feedback and amazing followers. Please spread the word around and don't forgetto check us out ...
RT : Finish this: The purpose of life is _____ [Answer: To learn how to love. (Loving God, self and others is the key. ] :)
I agree. If nothing else, he has presence (motivational and otherwise), and that can't hurt them.
weekend plans?
Good one! We'll have to wait until they figure out what they are doing w/distribution-thanks for the tip!
all I want to do is watch The Killing and all my computer wants to do is drag me down with all its DivX updates.
RT : Looks like gas and diesel prices are going to head upward in the next few months. Wright Express notes that......
As I journey into the vast valley of Twitterville....
thanks chief I'm tryin
Just Sonic BOOMED some tweets there:) Believe in U. Fine tune thru Life, keep razor sharp focus & be intentional abt where you're headed!
Phase One Inc would like to thank those who have orderedt the free mousepads! There is still 30 more we can send out. Just message us.
like i said to Nassy over there, i deactivated hotmail.. #outmypawsnow but love you both big much..
Make your story compelling, find ways to relate your stories to people outside of your personal fan base #storytelling #sxswi via
oh ok! Well I hope they find that actor ok then! Yikes!
RT : Congrats to Carrie Underwood & on their nominations! Congrats Carrie and kelly
Feels like all my hopes are shattered..
yea but you would have to lob in a pitch to throw a strike without someone to frame your pitch for the ump or walk sceeyone
Put some awesome colours in 's hair today, and Joe's as well... I wish Justin would let me dye his hair.
I just donated blood cc:
RT : So often we forget that money is not the reason. The dream is the prize and should be the focus, not the money.
Headed to the dentist for spacers. Then braces next Tuesday, freakin yay..
Austin is flawless. that's true (:
it should be a good one!
Jack White is doing the score for The Lone Ranger. This raises my interest 20%. My total interest in seeing The Lone Ranger is now at 20%
What it could take to get the Sonics back in town... tonight at 10.
A ba a ba a ba #mrloftus LMFAO DIEN.
shallow lady friend asked what she should throw away in her closet
looking good Deena
STAY AWAY FROM MY GIRLFRIEND!!!!
sunday night dinner with the family, then sunday TV and off to work in the morning... even though its my day off...
God made wrist for the SWASS watch...
old england pictures
Chillin' with Jamie, listening to shit on YouTube.
Thinking of all my friends that are currently kicking cancer's ass. Stay strong. The rest of us need to support the fight for a cure.
The answer to Monday’s trivia question is..... Patti LaBelle & The Bluebelles!
Chicken nuggets! Ftw<3
Follow me<3 I love :D
Something about this pretty girl blows my mind
that's just genius!
what u been up to!
Whistling in public is considered bad manners. // Sure way to irritate the shit out of me?Walk around the office whistling.
": we. Did our best to represent and brought home a convincing 4-2 win!" Congratulations on your victory!!
Last nights episode was great! Willie & Jase were hilarious & Sadie & Beau were adorable!
I give up! Stop sending the "Verification Emails" Stop sending me the " is trying to send you money". Just return it.
Studying while my family is out watching a movie :(
happy friday to ya! Enjoy the sunshine while u can!
Marshalls accuser smelled easy money, but forgot big brother was watching!
thats not good D:
Rebuilding my 64bit laptop...bad sectors...first installed two new drives with RAID0 with the help of my 2-yr-old. He's really smart.
Lmfao Kobe v Lebron debate in the barbershop. You KNOW I'm in this bitch !
Ugh! #UCS Fabric Interconnect refuses to built an FC port channel with MDS.
Places I want to travel to (aka day dreaming at the salon)...Bahia, Mykonos, Ibiza, The Dead Sea, the gulf of Thailand...
It's Friday, is starting off your weekend with Spring Break Fiesta Get there early!
I had a dream where my Physics teacher was a Jew owned by my Nazi family and all the power in our warehouse went out for no reason...
Remember #SmallBusiness owners! Want a chance 2 win $50,000 in TV advertising? #Staples wants 2 give u a boost!
The 5th discipline. The answer to how is yes. Books to read.
Time to search Joel Ward and retweet the racism haha. People about to be
I am watching survivor
you make me want you
Snickers Fun Size candy bars, miniaturizing guilt since the....1990s?
Zenith watches | Alirazashaikh
“: Thanks everyone for all of the support! It was great to be a part of the Tigers win today.” you're my favorite Tiger!
Found a book I lent to Dad. He had marked the same passage that moved me. #<3
"It's so easy to blame our problems on others, but really, we're in charge of ourselves."
Hell yes! RT : Yes! Auburn, IN, USA please! Bring too!
Woops. The stink eye I am receiving from the guy to my left right now tells me I talked to the wrong girl.
1 minute till show time.
ya guys we need tha opertunity . #Survivior needs people with a strong will & goal to WIN rather than follow!
#justkiddin i appriciate everything you do for me =)
I had it saved between the pages of my yearbook, it fell out while I was digging through stuff. Made my day!
I'm available for a cocktail 6:30, anyone??
Truth. RT : A3: AND, every man should have a perfectly tailored suit. Theres no exceptions here guys.
Sara smith discussing artistic research in archives and archives as 'point of origin for creativity'
I believe in The Most High Jesus Christ ❤
Thanks, Jamie!
Someone needs to have "the talk" with that person. They clearly don't understand reproduction.
chirpin already...the only person who could score on me is myself
Awesome!!! WISCONSIN WINS!!! Party in MAD TOWN Tonight!
If I Can't Make It Dawg!, Then Ima Take It Dawg!
so I discovered an issue w/Wholefoods AmEx discount. I can't buy $75 worth of organic food w/o wasting some of it. :(
haha I clucked it and it said that so I clicked it again and it said that again!! Hahah I'm about to check if it let's me c Austins
But, #Andruw Jones was the one newcomer I had faith in. Lost a lot of weight and still has 35+ HR power in that park if he gets the ABs.
Weaver just told MLB Network he left dugout in 8th despite superstiton b/c "I had to pee so bad!" That's awesome!
It was tense, not scary. Whimsy kept it from being scary, e.g. naked brother, msg. under wallpaper, a bow and arrow??
Love you <333
See opposing view to balance your point of view. Allow opposing view w/o trying to change it.Change OK if credible/logical reasoning given.
Shot in the dark: Wontons?
really? omg sorry sorry!! (but still I think this is karyn) hey!! :D
MDAT proposal: New E-ZPass rates 10% off cash tolls. No decals on Hatem, but $36 annual E-ZPass rates.
Don't know yet, trying to determine the ill cinco de mayo spot. I'll keep you posted on my findings lol
Witness tells #9news planes may have collided mid air.
You thought you could have me whenever you damn please
Get your "blue steel" pose warmed up & your action shots ready- cause tomorrow is picture day for WAKA CA Capital Kickballers!
oh ok(: I'll follow anyone who i think has awesome taste in music.
Great play by Ian Stewart.
Going to paint.
good morning have a great day and weekend
I hate it when my sons eat something I've saved just for me
I love 's new song with Damian Marley, but I can't understand a word he's saying.
You made it to Santa Cruz? Beautiful! I've been there a couple of times, and getting a job at UC Santa Cruz would be a dream.
Chris Paul, thank you for coming to the LA
already have turned around twice to go back home , dear lord this trip should be good .
Heading to Phoenix tomorrow to meet with Tina Hockmuth and team!
Falling in love is awfully simple, but falling out of love is simply awful..
Thanks! Good luck with Kinvey. Looks promising :)
I'm not being mean!!! Its too early to be talking tht loud..
Hi Sylvester! Sure!
Small minds discuss people..average minds discuss events...great minds discuss idea. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
ouch. You had to work move out today?
Wide awake and Grinding ... Sending Love .. P .. Light to U and Big Mama ... Peace
My 17 *month old niece just called me a jew..
We have gotten almost through the W's...can't be long now until the PICNIC!! And 500 new alums!
"Unlock the box and secrets dispel This life is our heaven, of course there’s no hell..."
5 _ 1 reds. Back to Back home.runs.
Seriously, why isn't George Zimmerman in jail yet? Florida continues to be an embarrassment.
Had a conv. with a girl work in purple dt Seattle. I guess a wine/dinning is not far away
just lemme know when
i'm not giving up, i'm just not going to try
good morning twitter im on some bacon and eggs shyt dis morning
The class went well. There is a follow up class for these folks on August 5th. Of all the things I do I enjoy doing this the most.
"Mike eats the panes right out of the bus windows on the way to practice." Don McCafferty, Colts Coach (talking about Mike Curtis of course)
Make an emotional connection with your consumers. Offer more than just a service.
There are few things that give me more pleasure than mispronouncing the esteemed mens haberdasher Façonnable. #ifonlyithada"ø"
Might it be even > meaningful to know how many connections are made/day + some of the cool outcomes of these connections?
With for dinner at El Rancho. Missing
anyway, ian hacking's piece "making up people" is a short read. and good morning by the way ;-)
Need to go somewhere...
Probably 1D Concert with ! (;
You sound like a journalist with that wish list :-)
Can I live??
RT : what u can do with ur life has little to do with what's going on in the world & everything to do with what u see as possible
:\ highkey, you're the shit. lowkey, she needs you more than you need her.
OMG. I FOUND MY TAMOGOCHI! :,D
Devastated for Hannah Ross & family. My child is 7 + loves water = my worst fear. I love/respect her...but this is autism & I hate that.
$5 Box Lunch Today is Turkey! Call it in and pick it up! 303-623-0525
Good Morning!
Perhaps the last takeaway? (We'll see.) Be Patient (in #SocialMedia), Be Consistent.
So much on my mind I can't think strait help me:(
thanks for following (:
Leaving in 1
Made it on the plane, but winded! Heading home from
whats up Fam its peoples. good to meet you at The Kid Capri Party #Allstar2012 hey lets rap soon bro. 1.
hasnt tweeted today :(
Believe that, cause I ain't scared of nothing but Jesus!
Most popular Garden Digging Spade auctions -
about what? The hurricane!?
It's a great thing! But tell him I'm sad he is not in the non-driver ranks with me anymore. :-)
feel like going to Disneyland right now,thanks to :p
Check Out one of Washington's Gems, #Art Past and Present....
I do want a zombie landscape sculpture
Im in gym and just standing there, and a wanna be gym class hero who sucks yells at me!;/ umm no I'm better then just standing here!
great explanation by Nick DiCristo owner and founder of ClickCom.com of Mobile Web and Mobile Apps
Do any of my followers have an odd (and when I say "odd" I mean it in a cool, hipster way) appreciation for email copy?
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 46F FAIR
God hasn't forgotten about you...
Here's to loyal optimism for the Longhorns today: Horns up!
ILOVEYOU<3 PRETTY PLZ FOLLOW ME =) YOU WILL MAKE MY DAY WONDERFUL! =)
Give NBA teams 4-5 shots per possession and they are likely to score.
This reddish orange color isn't for me tho..
#TheyNeedToBringBack Devil Sticks and Upside-down 7Up.
It's okay. I forgive you!
When asked how he felt about his failures inventing the light bulb, Edison replied, "I now know 1,000 ways how NOT to make a lightbulb"
don't start off with a lie you know it's for basketball .
My phone died and couldn't charge it til now !
I don't have my Ray-Bans on tonight. So I'm not feeling hella cool..
Catch Joe Tait on Channel 3's "Golden Opportunities" this Sun 2/19; 11:30 am- The Joe Tait Fan Page
It's called therapy. Get some.
must've been something significant to piss you off after a hard spin class!!! Well hopefully everything is better now :))
lol u n me both. I got a 8am-6pm tomorrow but my #Insomnia is trying 2 kick in :-/
actually and I found some at local while we were picking up Seastack.
I love Tank new cd!!!
suck tha skin off my dick
DJ Premier guest DJs @ Toca Tuesdays tomorrow night @ Sutra NYC! Celebrating our 3 year anniversary! Come through!
Apparently I have 12 absences in my first period and 7 in my other classes. EXPLAIN THIS TO ME. 😒
Behind every successful man is his woman. Behind the fall of a successful man is usually another woman.
This is my other identity please jump in and follow. It's for THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT
you're a goofy goober yeah!!
Take some time to learn about all the Alper JCC has to offer—there's a program here for everyone!
Upgraded features, Upgraded chatting, we are working for you to make dating easier #1 free jewish dating website
Point, story, action or "psa" needed for good story. Ties in with learning principles. Be clear about "change idea"
now thats a bad ass tattoo . million trillion thumbs up .
will love this: RT "Well, it is what it is." --vacuous idiots
yep., I dream of your smile all the time ...
y do ppl keep talking about tht wat is it??
why am I a lier
Fabulous movie! So inspiring...
shop girl! :) aha.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
Amen! RT : A #Capricorn is never afraid to admit when they are wrong, although they are not wrong often.
can't remember. Younger fellow, has girlfriend that works at Kent school district.
Thank you for sharing those photos...I loved them!!
Ah school time hair and make up is done now breakfast
I am super excited! Silly question... what to wear? Casual? Flame-resistant?
what's the 3 letters?
Hope to see you in hell.
It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both.
You will like the show tonight. You should come! Bring JOEL and THOMAS!
Dang I need to get up
Not a huge fan of the way they've reorganized the Network Admin functions for #WordPress #3.1 alpha in trunk. Why take it out of the LHN?
RT : On our way to for karaoke, meet us there!
I've been on an email blitz all morning. Feels good coming down from one of those.
Then half way thru I just really wanted the 3 main characters to all get squashed by that "godzilla" thing, lol!
Trip coming up? We stayed at the Wilderness Lodge this past February. Quick 3-night stay.
Glad you like the post. If you relapse, I'll be your sponsor.
you work for Nordstrom (you come by it honestly)
Good luck girl! Praying for you!
sick of what?
just told me that he was dropped on his head when he was little.. that's sad.
YOU need to market your business! What better way than with printed tees or embroidered polos? Call us TODAY 877-244-9913
Tune in to #Colbert, taking on Wisconsin politics
what time / time range are you looking for
A special Luncheon was shared 2day in my honor with Pres. Jenkins-Scott & Dr. Auma Obama (sister of President Barack Obama )
Okay, how about a reply to the email I sent you, no character limit. Or a link to an article, or pdf, blog, or something...
That's really kind of you. We know how important it was to the person whose lunch wasn't right.
my voice (lies) jermisha voice (gettch some) my voice( u is a low 9 bitch)
Alan Thicke has a black wife?
Get appy! The DealChicken app is here. Download now.
Dual Off!
yeah. I understand.
2morrow is never promised, give 2day all u got! #Extrablessed!
How will this fit in with public school systems, and following a strict curriculum?
Y pull the charter? Y not put someone else in charge to right the ship. Politicians r such idiots. Theyre just hurting the kids.
"like" I'll let her know!
no, not for a while.
I'm laughing too hard to make a funny response. Seriously, you are at the top of funniest people on this cocksucking site!
The fact that I don't have any history and math classes next year >>>
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Vagina On A Hot Tin Roof
i'll post my spicy pics on twitter so if your not following bummer
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
Another great NETSL conference. Loved the chocolate pretzels!
Can you guess what the carousel horse is worth? You can win some tickets to Il Divo. Use #kcpt with your guess so we can find it.
And so is she.
I didn't stop talkin to u...why u gon lie like that...shame on u
I'm not sure. There should be a help page on the right hand side of your Twitter page.
You know what? I'll be blastin some german music now. #np Cro - Intro
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart. ~ Erma Bombeck
We're moving today! LEWIS SF and will finally be united in our new office - we can't wait!
lazzyyy dayy.. watching youtube videos listening to music and laying in bed!
My friend says Tuesday's the most productive day of the week. What do YOU think?
getting people to follow you shane :) follow me back yah?
do other guys cry as much as i do? :c
MY beloved dogs always have to let everyone in the neighborhood know they took an early morning pee.
Do you find yourself craving a delicious burger?? Come on down to the B! Burgers that will leave your taste buds asking for more!!
Looking for a videographer in Seattle for the next #qs meetup on Weds the 26th. Any recommendations?
Dance moms> toddlers and tiaras
Can't wait to start working again
amen. worse to have stagnant SM than no SM at all! RT If your brand doesn't listen & respond on Twitter - your competitors will!
very freaking nice man a big congrats -- you'll be running that place in 6mon tops
re: ur LinkedIn question. They're after no.s not relationships. 1st/last time ul hear from thm is when they ask 4 connection.
Gabrielle #Giffords survived, expected to recover!
Can you ask about Mayers? Why was he scratched? Very puzzling.
- told me: I live my life at 1 speed, either you keep up or get left behind. Most passionate man working in sports!
Wish I had remembered my merch tonight. :') Played a fun show with Carolyn Miller, Stewart Pillow, and Roxie Randle.
“: Detroit friends: Wow. 10-0 #gotigers” [do the kids in Berlin watch the Tigers? #progress]
A brand new sharpie
I can't wait Apple to release new iSO to fix battery life -.- battery drain out in one day.. : ( who are with me?? : )
This is poco loco! everything is going really well. ttys
Thanks! I think I can make it! :)
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Bacon Wrapped Steaks Only The Strong Surive: Lift To Live Longer - Yahoo CrossFit WOD
if I go, I'll try.
sorry getting the world aware of what we do in France with glad you had a good time
Madonna's i am a sinner , gets me going, love this song...
Bang Bang by K'naan !! <3
I wish #GandB was online. Life of a poor young professional without cable :(
Hi Cassie=) Can you follow me here too=) I'm just getting things set up for park-a-day & beyond. Thank you!
try Seasons In The Sun. Or Kokomo.
Happy International Women's Day!
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
hi Betty! Welcome!
Practicing my British accent for tomorrow...
RT : Q1: First, Introduce yourself to the party and tell is which company you represent. (please RT)
woah. no plastic...
I NO C FRIEND REQUEST UNTIL NOW!
I hate when people . Put empty boxes back in the pantry and you're all like. HELL YEAH FROOT LOO---aw :c.
Can't breath
Merry Christmas!
nighty night you n ight owls! got work the next 3 days, so I'm off to sleep
Sorry for delay, presentations were engrossing. So, let's say you do a logo design class with teens...
Highlight: a laughter-filled lunch with and in honor of M-, living with brain cancer 2 yrs after we were all called in for final goodbyes.
Missing cat
About to hit with Pistol Pete at Miss Kitty's Saloon in Naperville.
looking forward to hearing more
Petroleum Jelly 2.) - Long term damage becoming evident-side effects from impurities in manufacturing process implicated in causing cancer!
It's funny because he doesn't know what a television is, and everyone has bad hair! COMEDY.
so how are you, any improvements ....feeling better ?
Just got to work :)
Literature will lose, sunlight will win, dont worry- franz wright
Comment from "Beautiful music , very entertaining, great vibe, keep up the good work!".
The book 150 greatest paintings is great, about a page per painting in discription and a little about artist, wonderful~
Math. The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one knows why.
Can't sleep, researching teeth bonding and if my dog has fleas. Will probably never sleep again.
i believe u!...lol wait, did u ever used to hack my myspace?
Two and a half men fail float.
me too. It was terrible. A lot of racism on individual crews. I was in N East non con.
I feel the need to ask a Truther if I am actually typing this.
lmao you know it
Why haven't the bears drafted an O-lineman yet?!?!
Funny which of those I think of first. Good ol' Troy.
Vacation is over, back to reality and work in the morning!
Oh now that you have the two of them it's like I don't exist, fine just remember two can play at that game
Back at #SXAccel, eating almonds
How embarrassing, I totally forgot the sides
Is it Friday yet? I wanna see and meet considering this is my valentines gift 🎸🎤
Do you have my new number?
Nuttin to do
I've got so much love to give (bass drop)
haha that can be good and bad
Good brainstorming with today. Big ideas.
Emotions are feelings large enough to change your life or destroy it.
Email, manuscript photocopy requests, and tea.
Dude, that is one good looking site!
I actually don't mind Ish
...EVERYthing is going grat for you, tom x
to share what I learned at #NCSL with my YWLP mentoring group :D
Confirmed. We love em, usually... RT yep, I'm on dreamhost and pretty sure is too.
what you guys up to? Save me!
looks so beautiful on Jay Leno tonight! Love her.
Lobby Tonight!-5PM in Annapolis. Speak up for offshore wind, clean water and a trash-free Maryland. E-mail for details.
sorry for your lost! Keep your head up n know that he's in a better place now !
I <3 this guy
Angry whales
Rafael Marquez (Mexico) is shown the yellow card.
A box of were delivered today, they are so pretty!
REALLY?!? I watch it all the time
Thanks for following!I would follow you right now back but I have some technickal problems.Don't worry I'll follow you!(:
JTrek Daily Tip: When walking to your vehicle, have your car keys in hand, before walking across the parking lot.
My boyfriend cheated on me....when? Valentines Day!
Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade! My sister is marching!!
I'll whoop ya Sunday. Look 4 me. Ultimate Warrior. sec 150 Rw 9. I play rough!
Did you make another profile?
Dissected owl pellets today... Kool.
Just locked eyes with Halle Berry's baby daddy!
^^MUCH LOVE & RESPECT^^ Thank You 4 The #FollowFriday Mention! #youdabes (pronounced you da best)
trying to talk my boyfriend into getting another piercing BESIDES his ears...
People deserve R-E-S-P-E-C-T even when you don't agree with them via
We can't think of a better way to end the year! Go Kings!
Maybe it was meant to be Argon - poison gas wine
Thanks for the follow Rosia. Happy to connect.
Love is in the air!!!
Marco club comnection has posted our dance video for Frankie Ballards "Bunch a Girls" enjoy! It's a fun song
follow back!
That's why when cleaning orange juice stream comes not just anywhere, but it is in the eye?
Have u been wanting to do a colon cleanse but not sure what one to buy?? I've done this one & I works mynsp.com/cleanstart (CleanStart)
She's On Low Key Freaky Ish Lol
Note on website how-do-you-spell.com: Description Currenlty Unavailable
I'm going to open a store next to forever 21 and call it finally 22.
And I don't "throw" misogyny around. If I feel offended, I express that and I use that language. That's my right.
is it that hard to follow me
#RomanticHorseNames Still like it.
Ba-zing.
I'm so glad you love #HartOfDixie <3 Moments is so beautiful! Thanks for all of your awesome support!<3 you rock!!!
I was suppose to be painting by now! But I can't stop making other things long enough to paint! LOL
Watching Kourtney& Khloe take Miami.. and on Khloe's radio show her co-host's name is Terrence. :) #TERENCE how many r's?, six. (;
Is there an "email velocity" plugin for GMail? Would love to see that, cause I feel like I'm *killing* it today.
Anybody can record events in street. No media company should broadcast to the world without any ethical review.
is one of the best account leaders I've worked with...passionate, innovative & positive. That's why he's our newest Brand Dir.
"Sensory/Judgers" are the ones who hold our society together by keeping everything running smoothly.
Sinus infection, round 27.
Also, LOTS OF BRATWURST.
i love you too!!
Going to eat with emilee, austin, and bailey!. Idk what were eating yet,
Heck yeah. See you then. Safe travels!
I40 West is a mess, but motorcycles on the shoulder r doing just fine
thanks for listening. Let us know what you think.
KPO vendors are constantly trying to improve on their language capabilities
According to , I'll have better luck in Texas!
I jus ride in a ride with my top down. Big enough for all my niggas
I have a feeling I will be checking in on Get Glue a lot.
Heading off to #Bumbershoot today for some live music, dance, theater, comedy, authors, films, art, people, food, boos, did I miss anything?
Check out on this Sunday's episode of
Thank you! I hope to see you ... well, 'soon' might be pushing it I realize, but you know what I mean! Long overdue.
My twitter update says "Frank Greer followed you" but I know don't follow nobody
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
ive been fine and you?
Great day to be a southern Californian sports fan!
And a nickname was born! via Victor "the express train" Onyshchenko cc/
Not to mention parents!
Personally, I take Jack
How high is on MTV
yeah we do!
Show tomorrow at Crossroads of Newnan, Georgia! Show starts at 7! Be there or be square!
OK, I voted online. I'll stop by tomorrow at
thank you! i need all the positive vibes i can get but like i said #noquit. not an option. things will turn around
11, a month we meet my love!<3
love your profile pic you my friend look STUUUNING!!! Keep doing your thing Tami!
you dont like her ? that your fault she a amazing person.one day your gunna relize how much she meant to you and see that she's moved on....
Mitch Thermos' untitled piece is quite nice. A bit bluesy.
One of my kittens (Pollux) just bit through a brand new reed blank, earning him a face full of water and a swift ejection from the room.
Back from furlough and cleared over 1000 emails from box, high incident of OOR spam...
you up n at em for work?
leaving the Y
Say what you mean! Mean what you say! Should be easy you freakin jerk! #ivehadituptoHERE!
Glad I'm a Packers fan and not a Jets fan.
timely stories is the reason your design is awful? headlines & captions arent written & hold space for stories that dont exist
Aunty Stop calling me o... I hate midnyt calls.
Aramis drops the ball in a run down and the Mets score and lead 3-0.
Just got my license :)
Always a nice feeling to deploy latest version of app to device
Find me on "Draw Something" Username: saggyjuggs07
Congrats! We hope that means you'll be our newest Golden Flyer!
You tell me not to lie but if I walked around telling the truth all the time, a lot of people's feelings would be hurt
n i meant to spell bold n dat last tweet oops!!!!!!
I can literally feel my heart ache. Ugh.
Day 5: ”vegan super green salad” for lunch.
What if the Father, Son, and Spirit come back tonight?..........
What's it gonna be?!
Lemme Tell You Guys This. He Lied To Me & Told Me She Was His Sister. BS!!!!!
I'm actually scared to go to school tomorrow cause of all the work I need to make up
I should not have questioned the wisdom of The View ladies. Clearly the Christie weight conversation has traction. Interesting.....
Go you!!
Welp. Mom cleaned out the attic and brought me 4 giant tubs of Breyer horses. Trying to figure out what I can do with them...
Thank you for the follow back. I really appreciated your thoughtful articles on PETA. I'm glad more people are learning the truth.
In a Crusades2.0 administration, what part of attacking muslims for Jesus is acceptable?
Tonight...#phoenixcoyotes #glendale #lakings #hockey #party YES!
your welcome (:
I love days in class when all we do is chill and talk the whole time
Backstrom had a concussion & he's representing his country.. But Crosby couldn't.. Lolz
appreciate the listen brotha, that's what we were going for. one more question, will you #beatiowa this weekend?
smart ass.
10% off all purchases from www.enrichprofessional.com. Use ordering code EPPPROMO201109 until Sept 30!
20 points and 6 dimes is, though.
Rookies, veteran athletes, agents, coaches & PR pros - request your copy of The PR Playbook!
how do you think Iwakuma did overall in this particular outing?
I gotta get on my A game...don't matter how it happens
Shit I didn't mean that. I love the French!! I just wish critics would bring a bit more dispassionate professionalism to their rep releases?
hey wen i upload my video can u help tweet about it and get it alotta views for me?(: playing at teen hoot is my dream
Great appearance by Lt. Cedric Daniels on always sunny tonight
SOFLO and my ownership of tomorrow.
Damn my computer isn't working......
Which #college #football team has the best tailgating fans?
Attend our Medical Weight Loss event & receive a FREE $20 coupon. Bring a friend & get another $10 coupon! RSVP now @ 412-681-6400
These Hoez out here really settling 4 less doe! 😝😭😂
I love it to!
That was actually pretty awesome, Rick.
Perry sucks
RT : Will be hiding tshirt somewhere in the city and tweeting the location. Random size/random location
Happy to connect !
Offers PennySaver advertising, PennySaver want ads and PennySaver classifieds in free weeklies nationwide from top on line advertising...
Hey, remember when they used to do that kind of thing and it wasn't kneejerk leftism?
don't doubt! They just need to get it right! :-)
Just put out a fresh batch of our Costa Rican style Rice Pudding! Ask for it heated up...that's how they eat it in Costa Rica! Yum!
come home to UCLA bro...pac 12 is weak, you can put up #'s and go league....and youre gonna get that hometown support
I swear....WHEN I FIND OUT WHO KEEPS POSTING THIS SHIT I WILL BREAK OFF MY FOOT IN YOUR ASS!!!!!
Very welcome. Arg has broken my heart. I finally watched Comic Book Men tonight. So bad. :(
Morning staff meeting with Lots of good things coming to
Just saw Hugo with Sir Ben Kingsley. Lovely.
My heart is with Oakland (smokin!) but my money (well, the kind that trumps loyalty) is with the Chargers : I As always... #GO PACK
Zero in my life today. I'm not gonna be able to go through summer like this.
im gunna kill u i thought u were mad the whole time but u were in the shower
your tweets rocks this morning/afternoon lol
I have had it with artists and their one week notice for tickets. Sorry I'm not rich.
some people got murked, the O's mostly won, Bealfeld is quitting and we doubled down on grand prix dumbness.
The latest version of #kiddori for #iPhone is now available in the App Store.
will do! DM me your # and I shall notify you
WOW, thank you for the super mention! You are awesome!
The only thing that's hurts about this loss,Is because mistakes caused it.
HOW DOES THIS PIC THING WORK *____*
: Thanks Jack, very kind of you. Have a great weekend!
its whatever!!!
Tim Russell stole your money
Listening to THG soundtrack and score. TY, :-) Nice way to wake up.
seriously RT'ing everyone but me .. Ok.
Great resource!
as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be (altar server ftw)
Friendly customer service Nice to dine in #Anacostia again, yesterday...Nice to see DC's finest in blue are patrons, too...: )
Beatles Tribute Abbey Road celebrating 40th Anniv of Hard Rock on 6/14/11 7:30p. $5 donation for Make-A-Wish. All Ages.
Absolutely tired of having to go to hospitals.
Euge Groove next up with "A summer night's dream" sounding good the Born to Groove Album.
why do you reply to everyone except me:(
Terms of Enrampagement
“: #FITB ____ Is a Good Friend”
RT : Regrets can never be fully erased, yet they can be completely prevented.
after 6 years of listening to all of 's music i finally get to see him live tomorrow :')
Totally agree! RT : Some say that people in the middle of the road get run over. I disagree. If agile and aware, the best place.
#attachment PlayStation Move Shooting Attachment
oh that's good
Your just a nail I hammered
Ion eat breakfast or lunch
freezing my butt off. why am I so cold?!
Our children and grandchildren will never know a world where cancelled paper checks were returned by mail. Or paper checks, period. Or mail.
Swizz better not forget. :(
don't b fooled by tha knock offs that's goin around tho!
Alas, when I hate my writing, it's always my writing I hate.
Hahaha!(: now that I'm a MAHOMIE everywhere I go in San Antonio I creep to see if Austin and alex are where I am!(: l
why I buy silver. 2 hedge against up coming inflation.
i told to get on
It's Beer (cold Guinness) o' Clock!
i like ALL those cities very much! curious: what non-english speaking cities are biggest?
when are we getting our tattoos? im getting amped about it!
Seeing new work inspires me
great thanks for sending!
Thanks Laurel! I like to change it up ;)
OBOC is a great way to engage your students so I nominated 1 of our RP sites yesterday! Hope the event went well last night!
I need to stop.
That's actually a serious question. I still can't figure out why/how I got this block and how to fix it.
I just walked in to jury duty and I'm bored to death.
no doubt. Love everything about him on the field and off. #browns mgmt decision to give up 3 picks to move up 1 is my issue.
Why pretty girls take ugly pics and ugly girls take pretty pics just a thought
I do. I make a lot of music :)
Got tons of respect for His notes are always pitch perfect!
this is what you wanted...
Get Tilted With Primo
Lebron confirms commitment to Miami. GOOD! He'll never be worthy of CLE and the great people who call CLE home.
tornado testing.
:-) I remember those days. Have fun, take lots of pictures, and keep keeping a journal.
Nobody is worth your tears, and the one who is won't make you cry!!!
I have an exciting weekend ahead of me
Seriously how many movies am I.gunna watch today
are you a teacher?
Thanks! I appreciate any information you can give me!
i would but twitter isnt letting me follow any more people until i get more followers :(
Thanks for the RTs
This morning was a study self session for the SCS exam, and this afternoon is at #DrexelUniversity clinic. How about you??
did a search for los gatos and you popped up. Such good taste on your blog!
I'm at kilroys! I better see you!!!
Did you know is the State Library? Great to attend 's
show tonight?
49 followers away from 100! follow and ill give shout outs to all of you!sorry caouldnt follow my latest followers. my fone sucks
im in Chicago sadly. But I did wanna go
how can tay and I give you guys money to get some tanks! Lemme know! You guys come play in Nashville !!!
yeaah!:) would have liked to have seen more of Rizzle Kicks though!
leaving the Sewage Treatment State and headin' off to the Hoosier State for the week!
Top 10 rejected Playtex sport tampon #soccer sayings: Look Wide
First up for Cit. Com. is Davey Trees rep. arguing against AE awarding line-clearing contract to Asplundh.
made my year!
RT I use to mix instrumentals with acapellas when I was a youngin then I wanted to make beats cause I didn't have many ...
“: S/o to Jenna holcomb for calling me ugly in middle school” she called me ugly too!
Man I'm in so much pain right now my rib killing me
Looking forward to seeing you and let us know if we can help with anything!
When someone rides my ass on the interstate and I'm already goin 20mph over the speed limit<<<<
Thanks for following! Have a wonderful day :)
When ye are prepared for a thing, the opportunity to use it presents itself. Edgar Cayce
Been there. I did WW while also leading a GS Troop. I suggest crunching up 1 Thin Mint in a cup of vanilla yogurt each day.
The #Mavs WANTED it. The #Heat thought they DESERVED it. That was the difference. And Bosh...there's no crying in basketball.
“: #BREAKING: Mike Wallace, veteran journalist interviewer, has died at 93. More to come.” --> Sun nights won't be the same.
Spoken like a true pro :) RT : @ the #chimobile meetup they ask me what my favorite mockup tool is. I said "pen and paper" it's true
is one of the best guards I ever coached!!!
You always told me forget the haters and get your money up
Irritable Sunday.
The best thing about pomegranates? A low-calorie, fat-free treat that takes HOURS to eat!
it makes such a huge difference! I do it all the time!
#TwoThingsIWant Niall Horan and One Direction
RT A Word for Prayerful Reflection: POSSIBLE
going to try and conquer
Long day
lol u a fool 😜
yep... I'm pretty sure she was trying to be helpful... but still... :(
definitely the crust punks. They're so busy they don't even have time to bathe!
Some things are best when kept secret ;)
I need an Around away girl....
I was born here but my parents are hispanic.... Hbu????
Wow.... good bye 1,000 followers. I guess I'm not worthy :(
Going to see
Good Morning. Everybody! You should have some Blackberry's for breakfast.
Thxs to for bringing additional excitement to the 'Fully-Inked' apparel market! What would you image on your shirt?
MUST MAKE. Thanks for posting! :)
Bought time I saw some serious bowl games on the tele... geez!
#2012c19 notion of "color-blind racism" springs fully formed after end of Civil War and emancipation. CF Michael Stancliff's paper.
Blagojevich watch continues. No sign of Rod, but his wife drove away a short time ago. He will make a statement at 5pm. Watch it on NBC5!
Okay I just woke up please tell me bayern won!!!
Grr I need to write a new item list. This is going to take a few hours O_o
Well, if the movie creeps you out...gjve the book a shot. ;)
Doesn't that tie your entire career in playoff points.
I love The Little Mermaid. <3
R. Kelly's going to roll out 32 more amazing episodes...so stoked!
Our owner has just ordered her first items from the store. Are you going to order from us to help spread the word?
yes he weighs moree than me !!!!!! Its so bad
nobody talk to me for the next 30 minutes!!! #Entourage!!
I tried memorizing the number Pi when I was younger 3.1415926535 is all I got now. Happy
Busch Gardens is pretty fun!
Never stop learning!
We're preparing for a themed bridal shoot this weekend. Spring picnic for two, anyone?
She so fine... She can ride my face. Lol
#citytalk Public/Private partnership - Is Hope VI in US really working?
Wow. That's serious redundancy. I don't even plug in my camera to get photos off. No way I swing that diligence in backup
Southern miss softball game today, see if a chick can show me how to hit!! #ju#JustSaying™
I so miss the days when people forgot the past. I can't stop thinking about it.
lol, no offense taken. (I'm stuck on wip-but it chould clear up)
- hell yea make that money
Get a workout in Boo.
i like that
Florida getting more clean shots against UofL zone than any team I have seen in awhile
haha not sure what post youre talking about but THANKS! :) howre you
Why is this situation so difficult?
Yup! RT : Thank you President for being an equality champion for ALL Americans! Marriage is about love, not gender.
WHAT CHANNEL?????
#Chicago givin it to #Miami that's how it's done!! #Bulls vs
super stuff!
RT provides stylish, quality HBCU-themed apparel, and supports the national HBCU community. Shop at www.hbapride.com
Not Even Gone Ask Why Lol!!
Design The Next Glade? Scented Oil Candle Tin Contest www.glade.com/tinsContest
Watching Swingers on Can't believe I haven't seen this flick yet
Unexpected brief trip to LA for my step-grandfather's funeral. Hoping I can see some friends before and after despite no time to plan.
Sure it's a start! I'm thinking of moving back to Sac, if I do we'll have to hang out!
Cinnamon defeats #Sugar...and no this tweet isn't in anyway related to the two woman on COPS tonight.
Even 2nd rate #Elgar is sublime
|!-+!! FREE PARKING...$2 DRINKS ALL NITE... 18&UP PARTY..... SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
sure thing. When's best?
I'm Playing around with the creation of your world. You can play too. "Reality" doesn't have to be the way (we think) it is.
And you as well Brian! :)
RT : Watch #acquia twitter stream @ 11AM ET to vote for Launch Pad Final Four + donate to a good cause!
On the Bump today at 730 at CAL... come out and support
And were still going to have school tomorrow,
If your site is filled with weird character encoding errors like "Itâ€™s" instead of "It's" I'm just going to assume you're a scraper
YOUR PERFORMANCE AT VOICE WAS *BOOM*
what u n Isaac up to tell him I said hi. Is he still w his girl?
Me to for that matter
Multiple projects and impending deadlines make me prolific. Normally, I'm super lazy. (Not saying you're lazy....)
The Jonas Brothers Year :) Oh yeah (88)
RT : Our first concert will be JAY Z on Sept. 28th! Tweet us the first concert you ever attended!
Can it just be Thursday already???
so awesome congratulations!! What did you get “: Just bought my first truck :)”
SMI Boston is growing! Support & sales positions. Reach out at to learn more.
And you didn't include me in your review? For shame! ;D
I am patenting strawberry juice, who wants to pay me for my bright ideas?
For the record, I am a whiz at helping patrons with OverDrive. You just can't make me enjoy it.
You can only fake being happy for so long.
You know walkin in the Gucci store and they saluting- 2 Chains
3-0 Caps. It's up to Green Bay to continue National Make Pittsburgh Cry Day.
We're not just a film company, we're a school... company.
I need to throw up. Can I do it on your face?
American here from the NE, live now in Bahia mostly, but right now in Montana, family stuff - Where in NL? Where from in the NW?
hmm i think either inside of you or saving grace... what about you?
#vaumc11 Don't go anywhere folks! We still got a vote to do!
I would like to note that my last tweet was not sexual!
LMAO! Roar on that one!
Enjoy your dinner and have fun =)
Going for a run!
Wondering if my kids are really gonna pay the EC2 bill if I get uploaded to the cloud instead of dying. "It's $622/month... Worth it?"
Breakfast burrito and a bloody mary for 10 bucks. Get some!
Most. Not all.
Chooch in makeup waiting to begin
I'm downtown now. I was thinking if heading to grab a bite to eat outdoors
RT : And as always we've got Brew Dr. Kombucha on tap--today's brews are Nutritonic and White Rose. Salud!
Sunset Strip Compound Available for Time-Traveling Villains - Open ...
If you need to sell your house quickly please let us know.
Give the gift of Health and Fitness to your love ones... Call us at Flo Fusion Fitness and ask about our Gift Certificates
Search "contemptible" RT : Anyone know where I can find tweets about the White House Correspondents Dinner?
but you have good form.
ur welcome sexy, did u see my new avi pic?
Take advantage of our 24 months FINANCING!!!
is that your ass babe? ;)
We love you too! Life's swell, we've been readjusting to life back home. How are you?
I been pretty good myself. Just a lil bit, since your always tweeting & I didn't see you on my tl I was like what happened? lol
Come #Thunderup for the vs Indiana game and stick around for live music from My So-Called Band! No Cover!
There are 2 choices to me. You either BE REAL, or don't talk to me, & that's final.
thanks :) have we met at a refresh or something? I can’t remember if we have or not
#UWM Rick Costello athletic director steps down
Most over-tattooed body area is:______
WTF lol I'm not following you? My twitters fcked up right now so I can't tell??
Stupid detention -_____- goin to the mall bye
bro your the most fresh dood in this school...girls should be trippn on you
Dominos marketing: How do we make our shitty food better? Add more shitty ingredients! I dont want to jump rope with my cheesy bread dominos
to many people under the name Taylor Made. Find me Jewalle Samone Papadoupalos Wright
Come see us in Newark today. We are open 8-5. 110 HIgh Street. All new patients get a 30% discount off glasses.
U cant teach a old dog new tricks
me either!): I guess, I should not have slept until 2 this afternoon. lol!
Chris Tilly describes socio-economic and political factors in current landscape of US #labor movt
I wish I was better at speaking what's really on my mind
no sweat! Hit me up! Thanks!
Can we end the baseball season now that the Mariners have a winning record, before they fuck things up?
haha im doing sake's right now.. dont know if i can drive 4am to LA
some say seven days without soccer make one weak but i say it makes a year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Boss is reading "50 Shades of Grey."
You too!!!
Seems like a concession. Feel bad for the girls.
Look for forthcoming info re: unofficial #txla12 tweetup. I'm looking to & for local assistance
Remember boom boxes? Good times.
The #Bridesmaids cast looks amazing. I'm glad they are presenting tonight.
Did you go to the Japanese Gardens on Monday?
it's already steamy... haha!
Do you have a personal wine "Mecca," inspired by a special wine, person, or experience, you hope to visit someday? Winery, maker, etc?
RT : I start every morning with a simple affirmation: I will not murder anyone today.”
it smells endearingly like elementary school cafeteria around here
Michael Jacksons This Is It
Remember Podcasting
Leadership is knowing the differen between telling and engaging.
Let me add that I'm child free too! :)
Well my drive home was adventerous. Hwy 179 is covered. It is snowing like a big dog friends.
yeah, and I had a fun time at the maze. Ur text yesterday deserved no rrsponse
Thanks and love for the new follows!
My car needs a detail in the most immediate way lol
Bout to throw a few back with
Had a loong stern talk w/my girls ab life &boys..Im mama&daddy, so somebody gotta keep it real wit em.These boys AINT IN LOVE IN HIGH SCHOOL
I WOULDA BEEN LIKE "OMG I LOVE HIS SONG GIVE ME LOVE" AND SHE WOULDA BEEN LIKE " LOL WHATS THAT ?" then i woulda slapped her
memorized ALL my spanish vocab in 45 minutes YOLO
Today it' s my BIRTHDAY please follow me !!! Please MAHOMIES help me to follow me !! #mahomieforlife 8
Watching. Have they came out with the #22 jersey
At Clovis's Colonial Golf Course, local man Weldon Killough hit a hole-in-one at the course's eight hole. Four others saw it happen.
Clippers and grizzles look like a mma fight. These boys aint playin
it's not a Hangover reference?
I cannot replace the way your coldness tastes.
Turning the heat up to 80 this month when we leave the house. Roommate is onboard.Hopefully it will earn more points on www.earthaid.net
... Come on now..how can a guy not pace the infamous for a couple miles or so???
yea I'd b starving too... What time is it where ur at??? Nah I'm good!! :) Haha...
GET YOUR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME SO I CAN BE INTERNET FAMOUS.
Sanchez bailed Tello out there because he fluffed his chance again. Needs to be subbed I think.
When I was a kid, (aside from my mom) I thought Jayne Kennedy and Lynda Carter we're the most beautiful women ever.
Do you mind ?
uh They cant be ugly or they have to be sweet Not no jerks I date 16,17,18 year old they have to love me no other girl but mee
It's okay Jordan Schafer. All those HGH positive tests and drug busts would make me mad too.
Not back when we had good old fashioned "assumption of risk" doctrine. We weren't always under the 2nd Rstmt of Torts.
Happy First Day of Spring / Spring Equinox! Let the sun shine into your life.
Thx Homie & Got the W too!!
it's going to fly now. The tech has matured, the mindset has changed. And there's #memento , crucial for annotating web resources
Second round with the sounds of #rogerhodgson and #supertramp tonight. Envious ?
No more injuries sabres
...love it!!”< ahhhhmazing thanks for being with me to celebrate #GoodLuckCharm" always good timez
He's right RT : The real reason Luke blew up the Death Star was because he was mad he never got to celebrate Mother's Day.
is this for me ?
I'm in bed but my eyes won't shut
I find unexpected depth in his one-off SNL characters.
On the menu tonight - gluten-free frittata with roasted eggplant and red pepper, with a salad of radicchio, olives and tomatoes.
missed you both too
TOMORROW! Please hurry!
If you don't change what you're doing today, your tomorrow will be no different than yesterday.
you should follow me.
oh now you guys are against tatoos!!!...nah, just playing.
using Android right now. But v. tempted by the new iPhone.
Jeeeezus if Rachel didnt call dibs i take niall! dat voice oh lord.
So true!
Oh Man just got the reminder of why FB is so Creepy.. Ppl U know in real life Stalk U like a stranger with a Trench coat & Sticky Palms
Finally did it.. Well that took a huge load off my chest.
You hungry baby girl? I got you! :-D
Word in the #undocusphere is that and I are getting it on. like brown chika brown cow getting it on #cockblocking #vagina ...
Thanks for the tweet. Got your message will return your call.
I love you so hard right now.
The great thing in the world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving. -Oliver W Holmes
Forecast for Sunday: Low clouds in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68 near the coast to 67 to 72 inland....
waking up from my nap lol
party in nh millys dollar drink night :)
but bad job by def. Since pop Warner defenders are taught to pick up any ball on ground and return it.
Hosting Christmas Day festivities, so had to spend Christmas Eve cleaning house. Bright side: little time to witness #Cowboys loss.
Hoping everyone is having a pleasant pleasing #TGIF morning. Clear sunny skies here in the DC Metro area. A cool calming breeze.
It's still my birthday for 4 more minutes so let me just say THANK YOU Y'ALL for your good wishes. Here's to making a speedy recovery. :)
Patrick Kane was here in Wisconsin when he was getting drunk and getting thrown out of clubs (allegedly). I coulda been in his entourage...
Yes, longer days are a sign.
off to do laundry something I haven't done in almost a week
can we be part of those group of white kids???
THANK YOU!
Anthony Stover "could" be the Ryan Hollins of this team.
When ppl think I care . >
Wrote the best line of work-related BS ever today. Pretty sure I just leveled up.
Verified accts are a Catch 22. Verification is so u know it's REALLY them tweeting, but most verified acct's pay someone to tweet for them.
Hi Eric, nice to tweet you. Unfortunately our IMDb and FB pages as well as our movie website are all works in progress.
You're very welcome!
I'm gonna go ahead and fully embrace this new eBay addiction.
- so, are you really up for the challenge of something as significant as we discussed earlier?
NewJackCity The realist hardcore movie of it's time!
we are coming to portland soon.
Fun night! We were hoping Lounge Act would win if not ourselves but I'm personally glad that a Queens band won. Congrats Beecher's Fault!
I smile.....not for any particular reason. Just because it feels good.
Literatechnia brand: The letters rebellion or how will survive a bookstore?
Happy and safe Holidays to all of my followers
wouldn't it suck if u had a disease?? or something terminal??
. asks about Hunt's work with women promoting peace.
Night my followers an twit freaks..
working on ways people can help. Stay tuned
Wait. Is chivalry dead?
Washington just scored. This game is not even going to be close.
GiRL YOU GOT iT♥
Stay tuned ...Nabj-Indy will do a giveaway this evening at 9pm
Why would you ever want to do that?
My wife and I are both Cancers. And....her bday is they day after my mom's......
#Weightloss and #fitness #motivations can include self-esteem. What motivates you?
trust me. Me and Mad ALWAYS have a good time ;)
"Boyfriend" by Justin Bieber is pretty catchy. Hmm.
Suburbs is great for just about any task in life.
Good night!! Early day tomorrow...:) be blessed!!
From Ducks radio: Question for Oregon coach Chip Kelly, "What's the depth chart for sideline card holder?"
Tell New Orleans that I miss her.
Since 1998 I have been trying to get people to ditch Powerpoint. i have not always been successful.
Good news. RT:" Please note that we are HOPING to re-open by Friday but do not have a firm date as of yet."
Fantastic lunch at Georges Ocean Terrace in La Jolla, followed by a win. Great day!
last weeks eastbound was the best one this season
Everyone that came to Terror Town, THANK YOU. Spread the word for next year. Most Authentic and scariest haunted attraction on island!
i got rid of my dip-dye now everyone's getting it done..i cant stress enough at how much it ruins your hair!!
Merry xmas
RAY RAY
nope i promise it wasnt me. hah
Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by At @ Island Cafe 829 Upshur St
Need a #craft buddy! Prepping #favor orders tonight...maybe a little pick me up will help!
Ditching Milton (Cutlass Supreme) & walking to school :-).
this week just cant get any better.
RIP MS Etta James. Though u r gone your music lives forever!
ya ya ya i know. u guys are lucky and already out of finals
Days with >>>
yes ... they have been here too long and i am dull of them.
spoke too soon - he just chimed in in response to a question
Finally getting a night where I haven't heard a train go by every 15 minutes!
God determines who walks into ur life. It's up to u to decide who u let walk away, who u let stay, & who u refuse to let go.
#YouKnowBetter than to shave when you can wax!
You're sweet, Christina. I'm hoping to tempt my Muse back with freshmade Mojitos. Ha!
We love & John P!
what? who?
Thank you for the kind endorsement Joe.
THIS JUST IN: David Simon, creator of the acclaimed TV series "The Wire," will be Commencement Speaker for the Class of 2012!
We thank you all of you that have sent mails regarding the album and the good vibes.. .very groovy good positive vibes..(: show details...
When you are a mother, you are never really alone in your thoughts
Looking for extra stress? Hang with the ex
And Adah bare Jabal: he was the father of such as dwell in tents, and of such as have cattle.
i know. The next time will probably be your birthday at the rate we r going.....
You become like the people you choose to be among. Choose wisely.
yeah but what type of production are u doing?
Switched at birth & Glee on tonight (Hate Bay & Rachel)
blink 182 & My Chemical Romance on 9/18! Ltd # $20 All-In tix for lawn. Tix or the Box Office (M-F 10-4).
I'm not a developer. Not sure where our ideas got crossed, haha! I'm a poet and a freelance writer - tech, websites, etc.
Thoughts and prayers with Chardon High School in Ohio. Just awful.
Mecca,Columbia,walker wear,Wu tang gear, Maurice Malone, Timbo's with the camouflage hats #1997 gear
is so #Smexxiiye Lml ;) well he is
You can always put a smile on my face no matter what.
I'm there, is Yami attending via skype?
that is a terrible towel...you a packer fan yet?
to binge and purge is one thing, but if you had a time machine, you could get bloated, then go back and do it again, and again and again...
Great story about KSR, Ever try the E-Town Shoney's? Great place since the
u will not be alone Packer Nation will be there and welcome u with open arms
I'm sorry girly u be talking to June bug??
Yeah I was wondering that too...just saw it on a post on Google+
what is this...? mickey mouse club?
Katherine Boo at Magers & Quinn last night: crisp, engaging, informative. A treat for her readers and a model for touring authors. Bravo!
This Mass Effect2 game will be the end all to my freetime which I have plenty
“: BREAKING NEWS Corey Hart is planning to sue McCabe
We do love Chelsey Handler! We would to get an interview with her here in Portland OR.
awe yea I'm always down fa d cause . Whose is it & elements sat .
Let's see how many more Ferris State interviews ESPN can show tonight.
is hiring!
Everyone rolls through stopsigns here in California.
I Truly Need Some new Followers
Since you live in Florida you should do a concert in NORTH FLORIDA.. maybe Jacksonville , Florida (; ...please? <3
I just saw you have no tweets. I'm bored. Let's start Quacker.
When you block someone from your tumblr, they can still see it. Thanks for cussing me out. You're so mature.
Obsessing over Wordpress stats. I just want to break 75 today. Come on. Have the spirit of 76.
I suppose. Can't decide whether to use it twice on myself or use it on , who completely hates BBQ.
very interested in adobe's acquisition of omniture. could be a gamechanger for lots of multichannel marketers.
Ugh , Tired & Right Hand Feels Broke Along With My Wrist ☹
RT : Bill Gates describes Khan’s videos as “unbelievable 15-minute tutorials” and says his own kids use them.
have a great race !
Workout complete... Now let the weekend begin!
good. You?
Catching up on today's news: Obama supports same sex marriage. In other news: water is wet and my breasts are fantastic.
Swimsuit is packed & ready to go. No, not on vacation. It's time for the indoor sprint tri in Whitewater! Let's do this! cc:
Follow me !
don't disappoint cc
The Road Through Chernobyl
Beauty is only skin deep! #adding Style is like coloring outside dem lines
Dear boys...Jeffree Starr eyebrows don't look good on everyone. lol
nice pants... can i test the zipper?
That's always good. What inspires you?
Yeah I won't be back in jerz until 2:30.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day...I think I know what I should get at the store today.
I like your avi
Hey, I just responded to your comment on Muse. Let me know if you'd like me to remove your tweet from the article -- no problem.
Insomnia, so we meet again... #arch nemesis
what're you up to in NYC Mon? I'm in Bridge w the fam til Tues...
It's so nice to have a warmer day here. I'm looking forward to spending more time outside.
is posting a new blog entry and linking it to FB and Twitter. (I hope...)
hey you better wish me a happy birthday saturday, or right now would be good too.
#GlobalWaronZombies unlikely, states would take advantage to advance interests!
Hypnosis. Does It Work? We put it to test. Find out what happens tonight and tomorrow at 10pm on WAND.
I've spent my high school life working over partying & hanging out, and my parents think I'm a wild child. lololol, y'all are ignorant.
Playing @ Crossroads in Fredericksburg tonight! 9pm. Got the big band - it's gonna be a ball - see ya there!
shyt a few of mine do
cater, cater, cater the resume for each job. Use course specific projects, work studies, etc to your advantage
Bout time I get an instagram...I can be cool now like the iPhone kidds
I love this new Target commercial with the french song and happy colorful people.
Love the elephant story. Absolutely believe animals are much more aware than we give them credit for.
I hope you have a 3 day weekend too. I miss you. );
I think he just went from luxury to necessity
i try to be. And dont worry our sons shal also be gentelmen
I can't wait!
NEVER CALM DOWN BECAUSE OF BASEBALL!
Is it bad that I can't cry or worry? Shit I am dead inside..
And you're a failure at life. Get a job.
Loving all out blitz on the #royals, its #ourtime to revolt and show that
tht random moment when u bust out dancin to wait for you cover by austin and ur mom is lyk wtf!! -anna
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him; as he was fortunate, I rejoice at it; as he was valiant, I honour him;
Finished shooting episode 3 The Double Date and it was a total #drag. Hoping to keep up the flow with the new episode format!
sure thing! I hope you are enjoying #SXSWi . Be on the lookout for our on-site concierge team for treats at the ACC today.
2 consecutive days off. A luxury? A trick? I wonder.
DO U LOVE BABY POWDER...GO TJ LOL
Incredibly psyched to be headed to #ala12 in June as the Student-to-Staff nominee from UW!
What do you hope most for in Life?
that's pritty funny:)
testing a tab
"#Success is for those who know what they want and go after it." -Jacques A. Nasser (President and CEO, Ford Motor Company, Dearborn, MI)
In a beer pong comp. At puttnys right now!!
I am ready to get off work and take my ass to sleep.
love ya!
Want to go shopping! I'm feeling very generous this year 🎅
My New Jump Rope! LOL!
A man's biggest mistake is giving another man the opportunity to make his woman smile.
Saint John Sea Dogs at Lewiston #Maineiacs tonight....i hear Saint John is quite god.....
follow back
Stoked about the Broncos!!! 2-0 Awesome!!!
The TV show "Sports Soup" is starting to grow on me.
Let me know if you're interested in April's "Intro to horseback riding for actors"
The interesting things I've seen on the way into Miller Park; 8 people crammed into a four-door sedan, 3 trucks w personal port-a-potties...
After a great opening, we are looking forward to sipping some tequila this evening...
In the U.S, Frisbees outsell footballs, baseballs and basketballs combined.
Looking for a product photographer with clean style in Dallas, TX. Contact us at: with rate and online portfolio.
The 3rd inning has KILLED the Indians...and the announcer keeps messing up the score!
Sleeping with the enemy in my pants
Even in a recession, continuing education programs make sense
wow im really suprised it snowed today.
HURRY UP IN FREE MY NIGGA BOOSIE BOO!! GUILTY UNTIL PROVEN NOT GUILTY!!
Hey, in new #upgrade to my e-mail, just dragging cursor across an e-mail perma-deletes it (w/out even going to Trash). #TECHNOLOGY IS AWFUL.
I wish my "office" was that awesome!
Thank You! RT Yep, still true: has the BEST navratan korma in all of Philadelphia. M!
just pulled up to Sonic, & the lady goes "welcome to Burger King" FAIL.
Learn how you can be the one big difference in the life of an abused, neglected or abandoned child: www.voices4.org
prefs and ratings in are like the crosswalk buttons at most intersections - push them all you want and they don't do shit.
You are looking at the winner of the The Best Lead Actress of a Live Stage Performance!! Woooohooo!!!
So this is a great idea. Let's just vote in Bonds, McGwire, Sosa and Clemens while we're at it. I'd like to play too.
Not just any content, but rich, robust, strong, vivid, multilayered, full, abundant, ample. Rich content.
The ESBC and Virginia Elite Hoops will be attending the Group A Boys Hoop games on Saturday at Robinson High School.
Great night tonight watching high school football and my baby girl as she cheered them on as captain of the pom dance squad.
Turning in early to become sane again... I will reemerge well-rested and ready for the FILM AWARDS! (And of course the Intermission Party)
Out an about!
dont u want to see this booty bounce?
what do you do? How would you like to be involved?
can you create a version that's $, not %, for vertical axis?
My boyfriend also needs to admit that he's speeding. He keeps denying it. This fool is going like 90.
I hate when people keep trying to talk to you about something you just absolutely don't give a shit about. Im almost out of crap to say back
Ha ha, messed that up
Thx you God for letting me still be alive.
vs. Bulls at the Bradley Center tonight!
I don't care though. I'll live.
Early going Sunday with about 80 cappers with hoop action posted and 3 college hoops consensus so far and more to come
Nice, is it pretty novice-friendly software?
No more orthopedic boot! Happy day!
So I'm bored
Happy birthday to me(: haha
This Heat game is serious as fuh
Robots. We're robots.
This Friday $10 to get in, $10 for endless draft beer. Euclid Tavern. We're doing a promotional show! there!
I want to go coning (:
Boys think of girls just like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
Boot scootin boogie down 2nite. Meet some friends in low places. Shane Byrant playing 9pm Drink specials start with first yeehaw from Shane!
well you won't talk, won't look, won't think of me. i'm the epitome of public enemy. why you wanna go and do me like that?
are you selling toys there or is it a party favor?
RT : If pepper spray is a food product, Taco Bell is practically an arms dealer.
hey!! Can you make me a Debby background!!! Thanks!!! :)
Osctavia Spenser takes the #Oscar. Great win!
can you hear when i say, 'i have never felt this way'?
did u see the Vet who lost 100# doing yoga via on GMA today?
yes we are =D
Doing some computer work now, planning a nice long walk with the dog for tomorrow
You better put some #sunscreen on...gettin' red, there! Listen to your #friendly neighborhood #meteorologist... :-)
Texans @ Broncos on Sept. 23 is the leader in the clubhouse, by a long way, for our sorta-yearly away trip.
“: “: It costs a lot of money to look this cheap. Dolly Parton” That's a good one!” too funny!
You'll probably get a few screeners in the mail tomorrow then!
#WeWontWorkOut if you're not stocky and have a nice sense of style
Hey! Thanks for all the new follows! Great day at
hello how are ya doing todayy
Never say never. Go Lehigh-you have heart. Yes I am watching March Madness and it is. :)
I have no common sense but I have bed sense.
YES. It's so perfect because they believe it for a bit then can't even come close to figuring out who it really is
have fun, ladies!
Did you know that tomorrow is Pisco Sour Day? Where will you celebrate?
Twitter you never looked so good haha
I even got ignored on the way to class T.T I'll let it slide this time.
aww haha well congrats to you on meeting m&l again! You all look lovely in the photo! :) email me the pics if you have any a
Death before dishonor is losing it's meaning
i have XL... i like little larger than normal! ;) LOVE U
done reading? Haha
Baker mountain-climb scheduled (my 1st ascent). Training underway. When not training, am wrkn. When not wrkn, am training. luv it!
I would love to know what is wrong with robin...
How could I have forgotten how much I love Linkin Park?! Thoroughly enjoying their new single
do you like rain?
We are the No. 1 #JoelLanders! :)
Chaos Reigns RT : Happy birthday to filmmaker Lars Von Trier!
Remarkable is a choice ~ Seth Godin
Extremely windy today!
Look. You can agree with me or you can be wrong.
Just finished up some more extra credit, now I think I will start chapter 11.
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
Why am I losing followers. I should be gaining them, after all it is #FF!
please dont raise the gas tax.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com to see how they handle the chaos! You're not alone!! :)
Arsenio!!!! Whoop whoop whoop!!!
When I turn in my last of the 5 major assignments due in the past 2 weeks on Saturday, I'm going to be relieved - and also batsh*t crazy.
Just had the Spicy Thai at , so good
we agree!
i hate you for being so pretty. -.-
I gotta say folks from the UK are really nice :)
Mr. G da mooch.
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
Ending the night with my longtime friend #Benadryl. Boo allergies!
what wink lol.
I need to do something different with my hair 💆💇
let's go watch a movie:D Me,you,your boyfriennn&&mabe my lover:b If he's not mad at me>.<
Getting the MAJOR run-around from our travel broker. Meanwhile, we're stuck in Bangkok.
Damn you sports radio. Damn you!
Pulitzer?!? is a rag and nothing more than a trashier version of People magazine.
come by mansion tonight i got checks
well thats good to know lol
miss u
After those last three possessions, I'm not sure how Scott Skiles didn't explode on the sideline... and he may yet.
Defense? Who needs defense? 28 points combined in 13 minutes. Ridiculous
what does that mean?
hey girl<3 miss u!
Superintendent Kowba has directed LJ High principal NOT to remove Free Speech benches Now wont have to do my "sit in" Free Speech saved :-)
Kid just made a halfcourt shot at the #Clippers game to win a new car. What kind of taxes does he have to pay on that?
Smh he need to turn that damn phone on lol
PROTIP: Find and remove the #GPO that only allows local profiles before working with #VMware View Persona Mgmnt.
oh I'm sorry
Is there a viable D to run against our girl J? Are we stuck w/ her?
Thanks for the follow, Kristal.
Spiders < Snakes, Bees, Mosquitos, Cicadas, Lions, Tigers, Bears, Alligators, Vampires, Zombies, Pirahanas, Tracker Jackers, Wasps, Monkies
Wishing our good friends at NTS Motorsports a successful weekend in racing! We love you guys!
luv you too, Nina! See you at the show!!!!!
Im sick a hell and my grandma just made me soup i love her 👵💘✨
We cleaned the joint up from last night, time to tear it up again Sunday Funday Ya'll. JC
whoa, traffic is terrible this morning.. ew!
Why do I read Drudge before going to bed? Just stirs me up.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. ~Ted Williams
Thank you and for the follow!
Transform LivingSocial ideas for classroom: walls made of whiteboards and glass, big screen for laptop-- space for action
All the #Bobcats need at this point is a blindfold and cigarette.
Like that! It is true... they always have excuses!
oh my gosh, two words that defined my '90s experience: GUESS JEANS.
the best part of going to an Oakland Raiders game is the social acceptance of wearing black face makeup
back 2 u s/o
yea I seen that. Hope its true.
oh. Yeah nudity never my thing. Do what you feel is right.
so proud of you!
#LIVE. #LOVE. #LIFE. Or don't live it at all...
THANK YOU for the ticket to tonight's Paley Fest! You and your cast were amazing and seem like a tremendous group of people!! xo
. He is supposed to be improving, but still big ? For start of season. Healthy or no, he has been replaced & thats ok by me
RT : Someone got to The Good Phight by Googling "bryce harper virginity"
I read that hash tag as Jews at first. Bahaha
I step over piranhas
evolve, bro.
do you want to ?
Im going nuts
Draw something anyone?
Visiting with Bruce Hulse and his beautiful wife, Katrina. Looking at their Christmas in Paris pics!
dreamy trance??? Nicki are you adding ecstasy and LSD to your perfume? Explain!
If you blow your nose while going to the bathroom, you'll pee faster
Things that are already great and tend to get better : Photoshop CS 6 - Can't wait for the full set of tools.
Leuchter: says we needs to create a culture of philanthropy.
Hey the cds are 13 . Is that fine ?
#SuperBowl 2017 in #Indy? Bring it on! Maybe we can work on some light-rail projects in between.
//No, thank you for such a wonderful, heartwarming story and I am not even finished yet!
What is a heart worth if it's just left all alone? Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stone. Why must we always be untrue?
Discussing with at Any other users want to weigh in?
just got up from a much needed nap
YAY! Free Smut!!!
I didn't know it was out there like that... man listen!!!!
My local radio station said they might interview One Direction sometime in the future!!
#nowplaying Light My Candle from RENT...dont judge me.
WFGM is proud to help and hope you can donate infant and toddler car seats to them!
Watching #afv with the kids..then sending them to bed so I can watch #Onceuponatime :) Oh yay!
RT Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything.
Next on our list! Terrific meeting you this week! --> RT : Just got home &found The #Gamification of Learning &Instruction arrived...
Had a great time with & onsite at today. Thanks so much for making the trip!
haha no way!!
I just tried to play "maje" on my scrabble board. Can Mandana please call Webster?
What a coincidence last week I was also in trouble. F-ed around and pulled a muscle. It was not a good day
Off to bed i go got to get some shut eye! Z lol
I hate the way people are so critical and they never made the HS football team. I hope some comments empower him!! :)
A8. Trust is built by letting the person know that their opinons and work matter
He isn't working for them, far as I know he's been interviewing with the 'Phins and Bucs the last few days.
is a cutie! :p
Facebook is buying Instagram? UGH FB just go away
Mari Payton has a story on a high end dating service that lawyers tried to prevent running.We will show it at 11pm
Missing my baby
Woman to one side wants to talk to me about my shoes. Woman to left singing to herself. Outloud. ->why DPS is a twice/decade occurrence 4 me
Aww! Love that girl! Kerry is a beauty!
Just cause we broke up doesnt that I dont like you anymore ?
tonight was the 1st I ever watched the voice..great to see real talent not crazies trying to get on tv! +love Adam Levine haha
We look forward to seeing you here tonight for .
“: My nose just got real stuffy n I can't stop sneezing”Bless you!!
Man Mr. Hayter you are the coolest guy. Doing the coolest voice, playing a kickass game and writing badass movies.
Wilson tours home devices kindle ipad boxy tv sonos and last.fm mmoving towards discovery of content in highly liquid form.
Anyone else done a toxin cleanse? Sheesh its killin my stomach lol! I only assume that its working?
& YOU sir, YOU are VERY ATTRACTIVE therefore I will STARE at YOU!(;
Sometimes when you move somewhere you wish you couls bring everything , friends, family, stuff to ur new place.
I'm not sure why, but I have a sweet soft spot for I really hope he wins the battle.
Beach, golf,pool? What's it going to be? Whichever it is, have a relaxing day!
Sheriff Dave Mahoney: Rally with 14 Democratic Senators at 3 pm at State St.
For weeks I've felt lost and I can't see the light
I contend that putting a giant crossed out picture of a dog pooping in your window is grosser than an actual dog pooping on your lawn.
Can't sleep because I know 2morrow will be a great day! I'm @ the door to my dreams
I hate school so much.
putting together releases for this month
break a leg!
lol.... not cool kid :P i'ma need for you to fix that!
Making lots of beignets and eclairs for the weekend. New chocolate flavor apricot cream. Lemon and Lime curds are back!!
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
The Hawks are alive for one more game! Crazy finish in last night's game.
Thank you, you too!
You never replied -_-
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
A person who has committed a mistake & doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake ~ Confucius
Ok time for bed, back to the real world, work tomorrow. oh the joys of being an adult... ugh! And I wanted to grow up why?
with and having a blast!:)
#littleknownfact: the Gas Hike Trio actually tours the midwest singing and dancing when not busy purposefully raising gas prices
Howdy! I'm seeking a mid level SOUND DESIGNER for my world class studio on the East Coast. Ping me if interested -
Native Americans used to name their childre. After the first thing they saw after leaving their teepees. True??
Thanks for passing around our blog post. Bring on the verbs!
is there a good blog or site based in Chicago with marketing, events, and fashion internship openings posted?
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - Where Are All My Friends (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 08:16 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I sense a little sarcasm in your tweet? I will try not to burn day 1 just for you #sungod #baby oil
it was at St. B! it was so cold i felt like i was in antarctica!
My sisters communion was today(: I haven't been able to be on for a while and I've lost so many followers hahah :P
William Giraldi's BUSY MONSTERS is dynamic.
it's our pleasure!
Yeah I thought bot nuke was for us. And I'm sure it was. It also conveniently paved the way for more $$$ from Spins.
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies...
HEY , I'M GONNA TYPE IN ALL CAPS JUST TO ANNOY YOU! IS THAT OKAY W/ YOU, DUDE?
Friend's birthday party with fantastic homebrew, jam band, fire pit, good food, and projector screen set up in the backyard.
boyfriend is ANOTHER AWESOME SONG. it shows you're a true singer and it has a new side. LUVIT. <3
Still rockin Louis Vuitton condoms cause I'm still fuckin in style...WOW
*Mobile and expressive* looks wrong
yay! its been so amazingly sunny recently :)
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers! Contact us!
Darrian told me in drivers ed.
you guys get outta school today
The #Pens #Flyers warm-Up playlist: Rage Against Machine, Metallica, Motorhead, Disturbed.
or "Party like its 1999"? I guess '99 wasn't like '95 or '97 though...
Do not hate you for being a girlfriend of one of my idols! I hope you will very happy, but please do not break his heart!
you too.
Welp this sucks ass. /:
yea it is! Are you gonna see him at warped tour?
I won't kill you baby...unless you decided not to bribe me with her new album.
Rep. Jim Jordan, chair of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), was the special guest speaker at the Carmel YR meeting.
Walker maintains he is NOT a target of John Doe investigation and yet he has a defense fund set up. Strange, no?
Actually, I have a small cadre of people who are overdramatic, but think that I'm the drama. Not true. I guess I should make it stop.
Congrats to my cousin, , on her work w on
Going good! Oct. will be here before we know it!
a future
Makes you want to buy an iPad!
Damn #ARod just bombed one over the #GreenMonster. Right down the heart of the plate. Ouch.
wedding registry wasted... time for a nap
#Spurs SHOULD sweep the
Always fun when your team comes back from a 7-0 deficit
your gonna keep begging him until he folows you??
HITTIN THE HOME STUDIO TODAY!!
What would you do if you won the $54 million Mega Millions lottery?
hah! That's unfortunate.
New iced teas in stock!! Blueberry, Strawberry and French Plum.
tryiny to put the proper perspective on my job,but its tough
Will send them over right now
horses name is Wednesday
Jacking off to Tyga's voice.
In jersey visitin ma lovin bro I love u wit da momma n sista
U have no idea what u don't know~
If MTV's current viewership had ever heard of Whitney Houston, maybe they would cover her death. cc:
Hey friends! Mocha's is offering free samples of our October special: the BOO Blast! Come try some now before we run out!
We'll see you on Friday!
Theenn she went on to say she wished she had the guts to go #natural . Man I just wanna be her new best friend and show her the way LOL
better than no sleep at all lol
agreed, I love me some chace Crawford :)
Sally Jo Cunningham talks about the fun of exploring and enjoying music during information retrieval processes. Refreshing.
wews .. i got my new hair :p
:-( at work bored
I thought u knew Wat I ment... Sorry bout tht. I wasn't trying to be an ass... Really I am sorry bout tht and I am really thankful for W ...
Aw shucks. Thanks! RT : We love them as well!
I really wish I was in D.C. right now. (Or, at least when and where that was taken)
Are you prepared for the #zombie apocalypse? Need a cute zombie doll to carry around to blend in with the zombies? I think it would work...
Watch out Twitter, this biscuit now has an IPhone.
follow her and me
Yes please!! We can watch all the good routines:) And I have a story about said group of dancers for you.
Here's to swimmin with bowlegged women
sounds more like a club than church.
I don't live in the city. I'm near Syracuse. We have AMAZING pizza! Best food around
That just happened! Unbelievable.
RT This fool Cameron Whitten just interrupted the Mayoral introductions by walking on stage w/a sign NONE of us could read. Dummy!
Huge news coming later today! Can you guess what it is?
"PA is the literary equivalent of Altoids unassuming & cute on the outside while what’s inside is intense enough to make your eyes cross."
.ill die for you, get down for you. Do Anything you Want me to<3
I'm gonna play rook all damn day tomorrow
they love the Packers and the Packers love their fans and do more than any team in the NFL to make players accessible
Main thing I say on the weekends; FUCK IT, YOLO.
phone in one and the other holding the pants
the year i was born the Record of the Year was "Beat it" by Michael Jackson- this seems fitting for a test tube baby.
I'm watching and in "Radioland Murders" on Netflix Instant. Haven't seen this in ages.
is going to Utah! woo-hoo!
Good luck out there tomorrow!! Let's go up 2-0!!
Fox's new show #Touch is so unbelievable as in overloaded with coincidences, but I still like it.
Son came home at 10:30 and needed laundry done for track meet tomorrow! It's ready to be put in dryer...so now I can go to bed.
Attention Starbucks addicts! Help me understand the difference between regular brewed coffee and Caffe Americano.
when men u aint heard from in ages pop up outta no where, hittin u with a lyric or two n expect u to just hop back on that band wagon?!<< NO
Can't wait for tonight 🍻🎉
High Five to all my friends who ran in the Warrior Dash yesterday! Congrats!
Guide Cam APLC leverages mobile to create social intelligence to "modernize museum ops" via M Fitzpatrick
help me gain followers please! xoxo much love.
Tonight's Kings Harbor show is CANCELED due to rain.
We all do it. Should tell u something...RT : Parents: is it acceptable to use electronics as form of reward and punishment?
if "Reverse Polish Notation" means that the answer to every equation is "53778008", then YES!
maybe not in one sitting... Though it is awesome that now it is actually Friday.
they are so funny!
so excited that and i have Milwaukee tickets. cool married people? i think yes.
Sweden surprised me, but Poland not so much... Amazing thing is Apple is only trading at 15x trailing earnings
Seems Zimmerman has a habit of omission with those charged with his defense. What else isn't being shared, one wonders.
#Quote2SpinBy  w/o leaps of imagination or dreaming we lose excitement of possibilities~Dreaming is form of planning
I'm still thinking. Lol, I have some ideas but I'm just not sure yet
For you, for mom, for an aunt or neighbor, don't forget that they told you they want #cheesecake this Sunday!
#JustRememberThat I will always love you <3
Happy Mother's Day to and all the other special mothers out there!
you take the pain away & I thank you for that
not the first second or third in a series to let us down. Still mad over Superman I and Jaws IV. Yuck!
Enich's show was the greatest sports talk show in KC history. Fully back a return! Love, a sports gambler.
the plus side to my mom going to Germany. the chocolate she brings bad #ivenevertastedchocoloatesogood <3
Sex reassignment surgery should be 100% covered by all insurance companies/that single payer universal healthcare our country should have.
That's it everyone! Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign! We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow. G'night!
If it's more than five feet away... it becomes unnecessary .
And, I'm jealous abut your Counter burger today. Just sayin'.
If only I believed you.....xoxo
I love that halloween/ants matching combo
I saw that! Crazy 4th quarter. #lakers seemed out of it until then. Why a great game!
getting a bit fed up with all this rubbish about Fergie still having a remarkable year. 8pt lead w/6 to go, tossed. Unforgivable.
thanks for the article. Really informative.
Never close yourself off to new opportunities! You never know where you might end up.
everyone I put chapter 1 of my story up GO LOOK AT IT and tell me what you guys think
Srry, haven't been on twitter for a long time!! D:
Since 2006, the Badgers are now 4-0 vs "majors" and 5-5 vs "mid-majors" in the NCAA Tourney
HUGE difference: Cars actually USE the MU interchange. Be honest, how many will realistically ride the streetcars?
Wanna Shoot A Video For Dis Song...Ridin In A Old School Cutlass...Smokin Purple Kush Wit A Styrofoam Cup
did you unfollow me? :l
Check out our course:Benzene Awareness. Learn how to recognize the hazards, common sources and recommended safe work practice.
I just googled HTML tables code and you can put a HTML widget anywhere on your site
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online #poker. Back #HR2366. Thank you.
The ice cream truck music outside my window is creeping me out. I wish it would move on to another neighborhood, but it seems stalled here.
I know they'll break my heart in April again, but I gotta say that I'm liking the Capitals starting the yr 7-0.
These things take a while bc we need to re-report, write, edit, etc.
RT Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6+ goals in EPL.
Im just saying though
Good morning, sweetheart.
Relaxing in the snowy Berkshires...
I guess addressed it saying they will air the proper episode on the Thursday replay.
you ladies made my day! Psyched I'm #37 on the manicure post!
lol they be around all day everyday “: "Crazy ass bitches all the live long day." LOL! #NutCity”
No problem! I hope one of them works for your needs!
i am the light of the world. whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life. John 8:12 ♥
I think I finally get Twitter... Kinda
hm lol I see. Weird face
Some me love!!!!
lol lol... so God is running the game now? lol
Final testing on sign up site today! Should be live soon.
Series preview: Braves at Cubs - Chicago Tribune
#Blackparentsquotes If I have2 leave my job to come to that school....
Today is one of those days where you keep dropping your phone -___-
We good
are you hiring for any positions? I miss Icelandair
Anyone have a score update on the #Bears game???
Can you remember the very FIRST time you ever saw a #Tarot card? Tell us! please rt, we are interested in YOUR answer!
Do you ever tweet in real time and wonder if the weirdo you're talking about is following you?
Of course not, tell us when you launch your station and good luck bro!
Beauty is skin deep.
#ICantStandWhen someone puts an empty pitcher back in the refrigerator.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. ---George Bernard Shaw
When you think yours Dreams are too Far fetch you get Nothing but if you Focus on your Dreams and believe it can happen "Things" Happen!!
idk if you can....
I. NEED. DRINKS. and
we love u! Keep rockin' and we'll see u on a bike again soon! Love, your family cc:
My hair's one color finally
...as we used to say: "Sally, take me home, tie me up, and make me write bad checks." ;-))
u ain't never lied Quest Love!
Everyone was born an original, don't die a copy...
Correct Answer: International Amphitheatre #Trivia starts at 6pm.
and when you talk, everybody stops, 'cause they know you know just what to say yeahh
Praise baby Jesus for this day of Friday. Bring on the weekend aka my sleep coma.
thank you :]
Oops! My bad! Have an awesome day Nia!
Got a 28 (out of 30) on my Handgun Safety Certificate test.
Yes! I'm so sorry. Crazy busy lately. I'm around more next week. I'll call or drop by next week!
Sorry for the delay, but our CoverItLive blog is back up and running
Loving the #free birthday gift. The Fresh Sugar Lip Treatment makes my manly lips feel luscious. Thanks you!
haha I am pretty sure we have those all the time!!!
Can't wait to see you bro. By the way...45 feels cold in Chi-town! Lol..
Save your boos for NYC teams!
you aint thick, bitch you just fat
Back from Alberta, Canada and getting all caught up with everything, but had a great week there!
what is a cake pop?
Here I am, just for you in the dark moving hands to find my way reaching for a chance and the words to say
thanks! They look Rad!
I only know love when its followerd by you .
Out and about in the Time Square area. I' ve gotta say...tourists drive me nuts.
A small bird keeps trying to peck its way through the office window. Worms are greener?
Enjoying the conference re: measuring the intrinsic impact of arts. 1st question - Why do you do art?
Scotty and James rocked it!
If a team takes Ryan Tannehill at No. 3 in the #NFL Draft, they are going to seriously regret it. He's a second round player.
haha aw, no way! That pic was just saved on my phone from when I was home in December. I'll be back for Aubs' graduation tho :)
Surprisingly amazing penmanship.
so poignant its painful. Lovely.
I feel so helpless when Mike and Grace are sick. I just want to make them better....
Indeed I am! I'm actually a newly-minted Developer Evangelist @ Microsoft focusing on Windows 8. This means I like it. ;-)
We are loving this weather!
Fox football guys will play #whosgonnalose in one hour. Pick both playoff games today and tweet results here. 2-0 Sat w/ Ind & NO
Q: What sports event has been going on for the last six hours? My neighbor is starting to worry me. I am hoping it is sports-yelling.
Working on Marcus Wiley Racing official website will let everyone I'll post the link, have some big things in the works for 2012
you should use Lennons real quotes. he has enough to fill our feed w his brilliance. stop using his face for your agenda
mind me...just screaming for your attention...hahaha..b safe out there
Hi friends -- Check out the account when you have a sec -- that's where I'm tweeting from these days.
Already inspired by the work of and we are still on the #COFLA site visit bus!
thank you for making it out!
As Kevin Hart says " It's about to go down" my baby is on the way!!! Go Go.... Get it Get it!!!!
Just saw Stevie Wonder in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency, Anaheim.
Photos from the past two opening receptions are up! Maybe you're in one!
WELCOME to twitter !!! It's where all of the cool kids hang out!!! =) is right! Trust him! =)
And the arguments are underway.
their team names/ winner prizes?
So I'm not a professional photog?
James Harding grill>>>>>> WTF??
The study of being is not to be found in the triumph of man over his condition but in the very tension with which the conflict exsts Levinas
kobe doesn't deserve this. get him a real supporting cast while he can still play at this elite level
The line at the liquor store where I buy my lotto tickets is out the door
See I knew that was a de-bra!!! Half deer half zebra!! Lmao!
you are so smart, I had to Google your reference :)
true that
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's number of guys gone.
Are you a #Bikram yogini? I've been practicing for 8 months. I feel great!
- That's my favorite too!! YUM
yes sir it will all be there :)
hey u said cross instead of criss. ya i hate auto correct on my phone, does it everytime. makes mine cross as well lol
then i guess i better show up too!! ;)
how wants to come to Tri-C rock off at house of blues with me?!?!
Convince them to have a 2012 tour!! Glee is what helps me get through life and I was really hoping to go to the concert!!
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...when you deactivate for a break, your "friends" act like you BROKE UP with them! I got work to do. Damn! lol
More adults creating messy situations, causing pain/suffering and hurting innocent children.
Coraline is trying so hard to keep her eyes open so she can watch Little Bear lol. It's so cute!!!
#UPA2012 = Exploring the need for everyone to demonstrate leadership & ways to make that happen
So I'm takin algebra 2 this year..and when I'm in class I can't stop thinking about song CrushOnYou :)
Yikes! According to article 9 of 10 Sushi fish are mislabeled & virtually all Tuna. What are you getting? Something you wouldnt eat!
on a scale from 1-1637393934773 How excited are you to do the Chicago show?!?
Tried to buy some at Mitsuwa on Sat and was told USA no longer allows its import. Something about the dye. Only fresh now!
SAME. Thank goodness for podcasts and live tweets on
but none of us have school, so why should we? We can sleep all dayy.
South st may have barely recovered from last night, but we're less then 3 hrs from starting all over again! 5 bands + Karaoke!! Dobbs Rocks!
DFI is searching for like minded people who want a great organization to donate to...is that you?
Wed. S.J. football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
you never met a chick like Ariana grande .burns so bight she's gonna make you blind ( give it up Ariana grande and Elizabeth Gilles) RT :D
nothin much man im at the Garden watching #knicks beat the #celtics 62-52...Merry Christmas 2 u man!
I need a nap. Noisy neighbor up vacuuming for over an hour last night at 1am. Can you say "Tweaker".
Consider them shunned for life
I can't imagine any possible scenario ever where someone would ride a streetcar between #pdx and LO. Would that be an overnight trip?
MEDIA MATTERS' COMMIE-PINKO ROBOTS say Rev.WRIGHT scandal's unfair, but OK to hurt Romney w/50-year old gossip.
I bet if there is a 2nd season, alot of those agencies will b crying 2b on it haha after seeing how the episodes are edited
awkward? or happy?
The Spaghetti Sauce Speckler
yeah ik it's mostly because they used money that we didn't have, stupid school! Well Igtg I'm going to my grams talk to u later
You don't work you don't eat, you don't grind you won't shine!
It feels very odd to have a weekend with almost nothing planned. Luckily I'm going "yarning" with the Emilys on Sunday!
At work bout to smash this beef Pattie all my managers tlkn bout wats that it smell good....they missin out on good food
However, Ambar's chicken tikka masala will rock your world. So many choices with these rivaling restaurant neighbors!
RT : Shop to benefit , 5pm - 7pm tonight. 10% off everything except booze. 5% of all sales go to Insp Corp
hahaha well take a plane ! :p
#dhdebates discussing authorship in collaborative work, cites crowdsourcing of original OED
What is felt but never said...<3
Ik my school is awesome!
He does what? :O
I just love the fact that the giants thanked God for there victory<3 I give them props:')
Don't forget.. It's now Bahn Mi Sunday!!
Just for starters, and all. :)
Aw Aw you to are so cute!!!! Haha
A boss is a person guaranteeing we go'n Eat!
staying home today. i don't feel good.
we need to work on getting your stuff out here in Phoenix, Az
Love your bike!
Styles? I know I know... O dios mio. Why peeps I <3, <3s chicks I don't <3 -__-
A mixture of Massage acupuncture and chiropractic care can help prevent pain,sickness,and injury. Start preventing today at two suns massage
We've concluded that, yes, that is 's minivan.
Oh my gosh. Today turned out great.
This year determined a lot of shit, for me.
this can of has decorated my desk for the past two weeks.
Speaking for myself, a cynicism-ectomy. Would like to see city itself become more consensus-focused. Neighbors shouldn't be enemies
Counting sheeps so I could fall asleep.
.. he was the best. My bad bro.
These girls are talking about engagement rings... In waiting on my next drink... What the fuck is wrong with these bitches
watch aaron.tv
Spring is in the air and Cherry Blossoms are everywhere! Enjoy our $6 specialty Cherry Blossom cocktail, pairs awesome w/our cherry tart!
Tell all the team I said hi and I'll be there soon “: Hi coach see you soon...big hug!!”
Happy 4th of July!!
Grassy Knoll got a new hair cut. Fields looking nice for a game today
like yahhhh :p arent you sick?
it was funny how Don Mattingly; who played the position for his entire career was told he was wrong when he argued.
hmm , NOW what am i gonna do today ? -___-
Excited to be shooting photos at The Fray concert tonight at Red Rocks. Not lovin' the light drizzle...
Its crazy how I have a boyfriend but it doesnt feel like it anymore..
BYRG really thin, running on news, watching...
I don't mean to be a downer, dude, but people "deserve" clean water, safe homes, etc. no one "deserves" a reality show rose.
“: I know that was the best ever ! I have it to Jeff! For his kid!” that's awesome
she looks 17..
yeah I mean my roommate used to go every weekend hiking, but I never went...but yeah i'm down let me know
you sure do travel a lot!
Mother's Day is quickly approaching!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard until May 15th!!!
I DO Check Out My Profile And You Will See I Do ! I DO! I DO! Beleve IN Kenny Chesney.......LOL
atx and h town!
Not going to lie, not mad that left without saying bye to me. I would have cried real tears.
ayyy! Y'all take a shot for me :)
I evidently have good CREDEBT.
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
I'm trying, Ringo. I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
#TeamUSA All The Main Ones are In ! :)
Whats your Facebook?
We take the Risk and Liability off you or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
Ah, as in someone wrote it that way in their resume? yeesh!
OMG YEAHH!!! I hope in person !! Hahhaha bcuz we need to hangout!(: I still can't believe I ran into you !
Urban supper tonite-stuffed squash blossoms, stokesberry herby wings, avocado burger!
Just trying to live right and pray God takes me through
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
no RT : can you feel the love in the air? Lmfao
.. Party, 15, All of that tonight! :D
wtf really ? Why is he goin too jail ?
First Labor Day BBQ in Milwaukee... you ready ?
I can't grow anything. I kill the simplest plant. But I have an orchid that has flowered twice while in my office. How? No idea.
let's do 8:06 AM live in studio. See you then!
If you need me don't call me, i'll be in Florida!
Thanks for the #WW!
dude could you check if you typed the fez code right not working :[
oh, cool! (: I wish I lived there
Congrats to Condola Rashad for nom for her performance in produced play
I don't want to drop out... but... school sucks
:) You're wonderful. I am LOVING the new jewelry! And the SUCCESS that you have? AMAZING! Keep it up! It is truly deserved.
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D
"YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!" - Gandalf OR what my colon is saying to the burrito I ate last night
I've reached my following limit. Sorry to those that I can not follow back.
Got a link?
Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter.
We need a 24hr wing stop..lol I feel fat
Big thanks! RT : Well worth ->
oh yeah me too i have EOGs this WHOLE week
Cutting down TV games for archive. Someone really needs to take the telestrator away from It's not "Picture Pages".
Marriage. It's like a cultural hand-rail. It links folks to the past and guides them to the future.
yup! worst experience of my life.
Promoting endless breath holding training, leading to long term oxygen deprivation madness. Then you see it all the time.
TOOT AWAY IS SOLD OUT. But, we are making more as fast as we can. We'll let you know when it's available. Thanks for all of your support.
Will take a look at the email! Thanks.
I did that, the neighbors had to rip theirs out after spending 4k to install it
Happy Valentine's Day to you and your sweethearts from Delicious Licks!
Combining NHL Playoffs, NFL Draft......and hip hop dance world championships online. Does it make sense to anyone?
if #Celtic wouldn't of been down to 9 men against #Rangers at Glasgow then they probably would of won that game too.
forgetting i was on twitter lol
followback,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy
boy haven't you learned anything? Don't b fooled by the rocks that she got, she's still, she's still jenny from da block 😒
Watching The Voice hoping mine returns soon...one week into this cold and it doesn't want to let go of me!
"Roe v. Wade was Jim Crowe right?" - Aswin John
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!! Everyone would be too excited
Tonight's Empirical meeting agenda: euchre, pizza, and some beer from (Moloko) and (Mokah)
BRO ! My mom and dad said yes ! :D
someone else doesn't have a life either
Ventriloquists are among the highest-paid entertainers in the country.
lol Aw I'm good how u been?
I love you so much baby.. Yu so beautiful
Drunk people acting a fool <
I miss when the Zaarly designers were Squaredeye...
I'm glad you came.
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. That makes you a winner right there. ~ Venus Williams ♡
Watching Tim Tebow is like crack...with all the highs and lows.
#BLiNQ's #LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top #Fashion interests for
the glaciers have moved
I just saw you on GMA. What?! It's like Forrest Gump in the city - who has that kind of luck?
Seems #railsconf should have taken a poll on likely attendees; seems salon J is way more packed than larger H
Off to get my costume all set up! Hope everyone has a fun & safe Halloweekend -- see you Monday xoxo
I so just heard a christian girl say I cant belive it jesus christ whoops pardon my french
OF COURSE! Thanks.
I have to go take care of my grammy for a few hours tonight and sarah's at work. she gets out at like 11 and i should be
Trop smoothie with the team
That was an interesting throw.
Yeah, and the pictograms aren't much help.
What's your plan for this gorgeous sunny day? We open at 4pm!
Feel better dude
super chill going home this weekend
Thanks for the shout out!
Me too!
Rest assured your site works perfectly! We just cheated to make the thumb (so it filled that box). You rule!
kentucky had a scare against the auburn tigers but have pulled away and win by 15.
;; hard to explain
Sometimes you befriend a hot fetish model & chat on & off for 2 years. Then when she mentions on #fetlife she's going poly, you get a date.
please help spread the word and stop kony
The chance of getting a cavity is higher if candy is eaten slowly throughout the day compare to eatin it all at once then brushin your teeth
Pancake week continues at all Sunny Street Cafes citywide! Today's feature - Chocolate Bonanza Pancake (Chocolate done three ways) All Day!
Rock my world until the sunlight. Make this dream the best I've ever known.
If you drink, don't drive. Don't even punt. - Dean Martin
Always a bit surprised (and disappointed?) how few Linux users there are at these DH affairs
TRUTH is nothing more than a Light to expose what we don't what anyone else to Know or see.
hahahahha. you get me slug. you get me.
Who is going to win? It is those who are more consistent than anyone else at doing things that stretch who they are, so that they can becom…
I can do better next time...
my #goal is to maintain my grades, complete my hw; regaurdless. nothing lower than a B and not get distracted with friends.
will do!
Shut the door turn off the lights I wanna be with you I wanna feel your love
Damn I love twitter- thanks always need more files!!!!
RT if you're passionately against
No problem!
Still got it for ya
evening Thitia.. hope your day was a good one..
Our soccer tournament has been MOVED to June 25-26! Sorry for the change of date, we hope you'll make it out!
Watching Tekzilla live http:\\revision3.com\watch
not to much ill post a pic of me on here if yew want :D
They're cute kids...
cute, smart, funny, and single ;-)
We don't tend to do water fountains in the UK these days. :-( /cc
The NCAA Men's National Championship is tonight at 9pm! Stop in at any of our restaurants and enjoy Double Loyalty Points!
Playing Bad Touch at work. I dont give no fucks
Life doesn't have a remote, get up and change it yourself.
That sounds like it's going to be great. Zuckerberg has said that the iPad is a computer, not a mobile device. What do you think?
Apple Details Q3 Earnings, Has Best Quarter Ever
agreed! #LetsGoDodgers *\o/* RT Great start to the season!! Awesome to watch!! Go Dodgers!! :-)
Falling stars *.*
When I tell Lelia to get out of my iMessages, I really want her out of them...
Thx for the shout out & including me! : Happy cinco de mayo!
Don't make promises you can never keep.
Out of those 3, I have the most respect for Mo. Cano, not really, Jeter I just can't.
Hi - it was good to run into you at ! I'm off to hide in the grad dungeon.
NICE! Love it :D
RT At the jackelope! come n drink
Josh Hamilton 4 HR 8 RBI and 18 total bases? I like to see him hit 74 and get rid of Bonds........
is having to learn to expect the expected
I just earned the True Yelper badge on #Yelp!
Every song in Juno makes me so happy
Guys when a girl says she doesn't want a present for any holiday, that's when you do buy her something really nice.... :/
A clear conscience is the sign of a fuzzy memory.
Just like your eyes or your hands, you only have two feet. Respect them!
Not in the mood to deal with bratty kids today.
I got my tickets can't wait to watch you win the belt in Feb! Your a true champ!
Sorry for the high octane discussion with your boyfriend last night
I really need a life haha.
FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!! UP TO 65% OFF !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Love a women dat tlks football
starting pre-game preparations for Wisconsin-Penn State.
before i die, i will see , , & the rest of #TheHungerGames cast in person. ♥
More followers please!!, lol
a role you struggle to perform daily.
You know something is wrong when you are on twitter and you're STILL BORED!!
Wow, the weekend goes by so fast, already have school tomorrow. What boring.
You can do it!
They used to call me 'fag' cuz i aint wanna be on the corner holdin a bag
Wish I was laying by the pool with my biff ...but no, we're workaholics.
Expenses are getting expensive.
Why does the first #YankeeStadium concert have to be #Jay-Z and #Eminem!
You think after 2 home runs you quiet pitching to him!
Try not to become a man of success but a man of value. Albert Einstein
Check out clothing for children with tactile sensitivity. Way to go #AlexMerlino !
see you there! & naaahhhh. I wish tho. I was just asking.
Cold & Rainy day, come cheer up with us for HALF PRICED BOTTLES OF WINE! ALL BOTTLES HALF PRICED!
do you use Salesforce content?
Did you know she has never been here before? We might take a road trip to smuggle me in LA ;] Then she'll have to meet Pay!
An artist must be free to choose what he does, certainly, but he must also never be afraid to do what he might choose. -- Langston Hughes
I caught a piece of it while my lakers got smoked. Its awful. Stereotypes sistas as loud n aggressive.
Working on a new blog! Gentlemen, what is something you'll never understand about women? Ladies, what will you never understand about men?
about to go on a long walk with my doggy :)
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
NEVER Give Up!! No matter what, keep pushing forward!! RT "For a gallant spirit, there can never be defeat." Wallis Simpson
1st 100 folks in the door at tonight's fundraiser at Chris Jazz Cafe get a free gift!
you vinny come to my doooods
I need to purchase tea for myself.
Thanks again to everyone who came out to #SkiForSunshine We raised over 5,000 lbs. of food on Friday!
im doin ok, n u?
i'm glad, haha you should burn down the house every weekend
You were the honey in my tea tonight..so good!
Just booked the flight to
Pray for the people on the block, just trying to support their family
38 followers thanks to everyone!
Scotland Yard: Live TONIGHT at 9: Jumbo Shrimp! NO COVER. Everybody loves Jumbo Shrimp so come down and see why. It's Friday, celebrate it!
Really, Google+.... chill with the notifications already :)
#GoGetter RT : - i wish somebody was ovaa Here too Keep mee Company ((;
One should be born either a king or a fool. - German Proverb
feverishly taking notes to share back. much jammed in I am working to make connections b/n info.
Thanks for the RTs today!
Saddened to hear Steve Jobs has passed away :-(
Pole dancing class!! :-)
I'm still looking for something....not sure but hopefully ill find it!!!
I am out of soap, tooth paste and shaving cream. I am a disaster.
Ok, so not #landarch but #Rochester s own Abby Wambach is representing right now. Go
RT : The dates for Renaissance Fair have been set! September 22nd & 23rd, 2012!
What the fuck, all these cravings....
If it were not for weed I would not be smokin weed today
Thanks so much Brenda. I hope we get to talk again soon. How are things?
i hate school
im hungry
it's an equal love of both David Copperfield and Seth Godin :-)
Something very poignant shoe brands and all of us serious shoe makers can learn from Tom's shoeSIMPLICITY ease of wear and EASY construction
The more cars bursting into flame, the better
I think Kony is for Oil and Gold.
lmao that's the worst thing about your dilemma
Do I swim or not?
thats ok I got zayn,Liam&Niall from one direction and Adam lavine there all my lovars Ive come 2 the conclusion I will miss u.
keep in mind, I have been on scarborough's radio and tv shows several times and we have emailed each other quite a bit.
Thanks for the #ff! Enjoy your weekend, Dana.
I would txt to the Red Cross the $10 if the $$ actually went to Haiti. They will not send all the money collected to Haiti. Same Ole story.
Managing museum's back end tech needs doesn't equate to comfort w programming platforms and interaction
it was tempted to buy a poster. Lol
Theres still time to enjoy your choice of any dessert + coffee or tea for just $10 at our 5th Ave location. Available Mon-Fri, 3pm-7pm
#ThingsMyExsaid "i love you always and forever" -____- okay.....
Tositos commercial, dudes wearing sweaters and drinking wine
Cooking and Music. Great Family Time
leaving for Bama today. 3 days until game time!
I'm not gonna lie. I enjoy all the May the Fourth be with you stuff. I'm sharing my birthday with the Star Wars fandom :)
I wanna go see the Avengers ! Scarlett Johanson is so pretty
NBC Sports Network to televise ALL USA games at the IIHF Men's World Championships from May 4-20. Former Pios Stastny & Butler on USA.
Watching computer reboot. Have been watching. For half an hour :(
As a native of Western NY, I have to say: yes, the wings. But Beef on Weck is not to be missed.
Is #LastManStanding a show that was built for humorless Republicans?
Aww, thank you! : We love our friends at ! RSW hoodies should be available after next week!
WHAT! #mindblown RT : "Bye-O" RT What is the correct pronounciation of your last name? I've $10bet on this.
This old lady better not be trying to talk to me all crazy like yesterday,imma judo chop her ass in the neck👋
The Teen Wolf trailer looks so sick
it's a show from the 90s about babies that are able to talk
Chillin at the new tattoo studio in San Marcos, TX. NO SURRENDER tattoos
Now is not the time to raise them when we have all this wasteful spending going on
When I'm done working the breakfast shift, I'll have to read the directions and figure it out.
just need to win. even if lou williams lost his scoring touch.
Can we start tracking Peyton's whereabouts on NORAD like Santa on Christmas Eve?
itd mean the world to me if u RTed this!!!
Going out with the high school crew. Gotta love mah girls !
#WW Thanks for the mention, Mark! Back at 'cha!
Happy Veterans Day to all of our servicemen & women! It is with great appreciation and love that we salute you!
haha nice fix
Unseen Steve Jobs&#39; interview to be released
Ikea is always exhasting! However, it was lovely to explore another Brooklyn neighbourhood with buddies.
Thank you!! She is our "okay, maybe we are ready for kids... well let's get a puppy first" dog. LoL! We love her!
It was in demand & U know how I love my
hah thank you !
tells us about his random meeting of All because of twitter!
Tykese your going to be okay
Happy birthday. And is Challenge Nation paying to send you to New Orleans?
Cowley says website shows deal between swim body and D&#39;Arcy
I read that wrong haha
gonna chk out 'Inside Job' documentary 2nite! Curious...
Catching up on emails!
smart move by the #instagram folks. $1,000,000,000 is lot of $. Especially for something that will move to fad status in time.
Need prayer? Send requests to: Our family prays together every Monday on a conference call for people like u!
Ok. So i had this weird dream last night. I got jumped by four nerdy ass boys for my purse and phone.
just talked with a Columbus woman who was home with her 2 kids when she woke up to find a stranger in her house. story at 11.
Feels so good to be writing or rewriting again after surgery. So close to finishing.
Break My Fall - Breaking Benjamin
that should be sport covered by ESPN or is that just wishful thinking.
Hey Ryan! Thanks for following!
Had a great night with good friends - super fun!! And now I'm sick :( Woke up with a sore throat and snarfy nose. Bo! Happy New Year all!
saw great show ....had the best dinner... all with bad hair :)
Pouring and windy to warm and rainy, come on #Boston #weather, make up your mind!
I was told that when you sneeze a lot someone is thinking of you :)
you corny af
I cann't be happy for you,many girl's make you happy
Yep he said it! "Actually, I don't hate cats, I'm just kind of afraid of them." - Clay Aiken
2chains bringing his baby elephant to the party tomorrow night
has been doing traveling arrangements all night and is now going to bed.
gonna spend time with the family at a cookout then gonna watch the fireworks 2nite:) <3
"moths carry a dust on their wings, a dark gold dust. That dust is the dust of knowledge.” -don Juan
not yet but will soon
That would be awesome! I bet they could make more money too.
Happy #ACBW2012! Any specials you know of?
We are now on Twitter. List us
If you don't like your job hoe, QUIT!!!!!
hey how are you?
Don't mess up something that's down for life, for someone who's just down for the night.
Come in today at get a quick lunch and great value! We now offer five lunches including a drink for under $8.99.
Had a bad day, but then a mentally handicapped man shouted at me "Hey sister! Smile! I love you!" I think that just made my day.
Walking thru spider webs in the dark ain't no joke.
Just vacation and a wedding... I can't wait to get away! :)
I want everyday and everytime with you.. xx
Looking forward to the possibility of brewing a Cal Common in the snow tomorrow morning. Seems strangely appropriate.
GO #TEAMXTINA I love you girls! ❤
Agree. Losing Maniscalco hurt them, but they should not have lost several close games to bottom-tier teams
we are a little more progressive here in the North... sad is right.
I had cereal this morning...without any milk!
I feel the same.
I think I might be the queen of overthinking things
David Brooks: "Mitt Romney is a Jew." I understand the Diaspora comparison, but where's the sense of humor?
I'm glad everyone in Twitter knows their Greater Than > and Less Than < your math teachers would be so proud of you all
20 #Soccer #Futbol matches tomorrow we will probably find one to take a sniper shot at.
Yep, "eye surgery" is still traumatic! I was kind of joking around about it but good Lord, it's no joke! I will survive though!
U r comparing mob violence 2 democratic requirements ?
#nw Belly. This movie is the shit
Is the Warped 2012 Compilation CD in stores already?
I love you too. <3
Me: "the volume won't work" Him: "you're holding the remote upside down & pushing the wrong button."
lucky u
not sure if it's an accident. but definitely bad karma.
RT : “ life style and :” &amp;lt; Coming real soon!
What is your feeling about California ??? Looks like the Toyota's are really fast?? What about JJ or JR ??
count me in
#BLASTOFF EXCLUSIVE: 10% off purchases at ShoeBuy.com & BagsBuy.com! Use Coupon Code "BLASTOFF10". Thanks !
You deserve someone who knows how to make things up to you after hurting you, not someone who is very good with just the word "sorry"
All I got is #1Life and I'm living it to the best of my ability. Trying not to be careless either.
investing in a tub of aloe vera was a wise decision though
i found out the song that reminds me of you listen to crazy girl by eli young :)
But the message is the same. #Israel is a great country and a great nation. #Zionism is in. #Judaism is in--Caroline Glick
im totally out of the loop today...Havi fired, but Kitchen stays!? Man we played that really wrong! :/
hi guys i ran my two miles - eugene
50,000+ hours logged in 's Caring Counts drive! Do we like to volunteer or what?
in my high school days I was real but neva to my grl:( if I culd rewind time and take it all bck I wuld
awakemys0ul_ Thanks! Who's your favourite band?
May the 4th be with you! :)
Love you! <3 RT : #musicmonday do it cause their boss as fuuuckk.
Males are so weird
"Ambient shoegaze rock." My kind of music.
But then also asks, how does an emphasis on most-used items impact feature awareness? #hcil brownbag
I never thought it was such a bad little tree. Its not bad at all, really. Maybe it just needs a little love.
I'm In - The Road to the Finish - ING NYC Marathon 2011
mixtape go hard keep it moving i see u going some where!!
take a ride down to Albuquerque and hang out with me and Steve. You've got time.
Looking for a FREE app that allows FREE calls and/or texts between an iPod Touch and an Android phone. Skype? Other thoughts?
sorry holly I'm going to a bmx race darn I really wonted to make your day
but will has favorited my tweets so he reads them
i dreamed that dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he dreamed i dreamed he died.
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like-_-
Welcome to all those viewing by holyconnection.tv! Bask in his presence!
What are your #family’s Sunday traditions?
Just added Web of Knowledge to the products available to our internal users... looking forward to promoting it to all 9000 staff here.
I hear you brother. Acussed of the same thing. Yes I am Union.
Late night subway tonight.
Our CLEAR cleanser has Green Tea in it to help clear pores & remove excess oil & debris! What is your favorite Green Tea product?
:/ lol ...yea u rite but I'm not sleepy..I'm watching hey Arnold & its bringing back memories ..tear!
CAPITAL LETTERS DEMAND RESPECT
You sexy
Daily Pollen'Cast | The count is on the rise today.. around 10.3!
lol :D you too
Life is short, don't wake up with regrets. Love the people who treat you right, & forgive... but don't forget the ones who don't.
didnt kno makin out to much was a bad thing;)
Ughh my head hurt..
:) cute right
Zeev, who has trained many Expert level KM artists has been studying Krav Maga under Eyal Yanilov since 1988 and been teaching since 1989
how many Guinness have you had?
Thank & 4 everything they are doing in the fight against breast cancer. You are appreciated. R.I.P. Mom, I love you!
you say that every time :3 <3 don't worry, I'll make tomorrow the best. LOL bytheway summer sleepovers, LETSGO.
come on lol
So good.
You'll Think of Me
Ha I was a rum on New Year's guy until I got escorted out of Bar None on New Year's.
is that you in your icon?
O that's not good!
lol so I can watch it later
RT : Surprisingly enough, I am aware that I have a giant black mark on my forehead
A full day of rehearsal and prep for House Of Blues lays ahead.
Will Captains of course. lol! Man that was a great movie.
Actually, that is what Gilbert Grape looks like
Tampa Trip give away is coming soon. If you've won this week, hover over your phones...
So The Wanted called Christina Aguilera a bitch and said that she acted like a total diva.... Well I would agree with that statement.
Good morning cruel world. What's next?
A year ago today I first whacked lips on
Can one of you give me a screenshot of what you do see?
i cut my bangs too short so now i feel stupid
i swear to god im going to end up punching this stupid bitch in the fucking face one day !!
College completely transformed my life. It changed what I believe and what I think about everything. I majored in philosophy.
Is it cool that I've become re-addicted to resident evil nemesis on playstation 1?
free book to those abroad.historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
Submit your favorite photo for a chance to be featured on the cover photo of new timeline. Remember it is FB, so it needs to be SFW!
hahaha shut up maybe it's not just the allergies ;) I'LL FIX IT OK
I am more worried about shop rot from not driving it. Hoses going bad, wires getting dry rot, bad gas ect.
Mahalo KF. See you & K next week! Aloha.
These kids talking about boxing lmao these niggas don't know shit!
Im calling HR!
True. I'm moving in with you. RT : well you haven't been to florida... RT : I'm hated everywhere I go.
It seems like most of the people who bitch about people never talking to them are also the people who insist that others talk to them first.
hahah jus changed the channel nd they was bout to have sex in the scene nd im sittin here wit ma parents lol
can't wait to see you again tomorrow! Will only be able to stay for 30 mins, but at least it's something :)
He is all I need, He is always there, He is my everything, He is GOD. #reasonstosayamen💙
Back to the grind tweeps...LETS GO
On a related note, anyone near UCLA or in Santa Monica (or NoHo) have a lab coat I can snag real quick?
LOL. Given that he left some in the smoker last night (on accident) that is a plausible scenario...
I know they cause pollution, but whenever I see an escaped balloon flying past the towers in the city, all I can think is "Go Balloon! Go!!"
Happy mothers day. Especially to the bitch who gave birth to my son Paisley wherever you are. Hope you get your butt sniffed today!!
#WhatIveLearned ; Not To Runaway From My Problems
Framing thoughts around an AI cuz it crystallizes them. really just exploring the emergence of strategy in games.
She wanna love me long time the korean massage lady that is lol
lol yeah, I just got a blister but its pretty much gone now.
Insomnia? Really? No sleep on the last day I have to write a final? FML.
makin dinner and then gonna go get a outfit for tonight... Hope its a good night! Happy birthday Maria =]
I know. Graphs and facts are scary. But I'm pretty certain I've taught at least one person dumber than some basic math.
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change.
Osmond Fisher of Young Jazz Masters is visiting Sunday's rehearsal.
Former Iceland to Nixon jailed for real-time updates. White House advance of 'terror' in shadow of Homes
#quotes #time The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
was in some deep sleep until I awoke from a dreadful dream
Board of Supervisors supported SB 973 this morning!
hope the finish line is in site!
See you at Shecky's Girls Night out!!
only memories of you Jerome. And all fond ones.
follow back?? ;)
The Lure Lounge..in chinatown
What's on your mind?
I definitely agree! Was a huge fan of the cartoon. It was my early introduction to David Warner (he voiced Alpha). -Michael
That was a test to see if your a last word freak failed
That's great--congrats! We'll have to do lunch again soon.
we were in europe yesterday!!!!! WtF
Hi Jenna! TJ Harrington here. follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter.
then my nickname is CEO of Apple aka: President of the United States of America aka: DJ Pauly D
I want you to be my shorty.
Drive for Perfection. Tolerant for Failure
BALLOONS:-) RT : "Mama, you know why I love Chapstick? Cuz it smells like balloons."-Kellyn, age 3
make sure you listen from start to finish!
Boston bitches
you visiting or is it for futbol?
so proud of It is apparent that you grew up a lot out there! Love u!
Today I am a window washer lol
RT : Why does that ken doll hate the golem so much? Is he afraid the other ken doll will kill him with HPV vaccine?
I dig it. And I assume that's a common acronym for the event? It flows well. Not too many characters, let's go with it.
Enjoyed your set in Kansas City! What song sounded like it was straight out of a gospel choir, except well, it was only you? :)
Thank you Bruner for all that you do!
I gotta shit
Ya'll suck. I got a B+!!! Those coveralls were A material people A MATERIAL!
Merry Christmas my darlings! Enjoy hot chocolate, cinnamon rolls, twinkling lights, roast beast, kisses, hugs & great movies. Lots of love!
All this talk of LA Woman is getting me very giddy for the
": This game got really sloppy really quick." That's what she said
16 years since the teams last trip to the SB speaks to inept front office and owner
Aw, now I'm blushing.
#DodgerFam...wrking on a NEW segment for my show...if you could ask anything to your favorite current Dodger...what would you ask?? :)
Live your truth & BE the vocation that you're called to do.
I know how u feel! ur daughter is so cute! she looks just like u! (great job thursday!) I still have a sore throat!
Hey beautiful, love you! follow back it's me ! Little Indian :-p lol
Phillip actually did good on that song!
It does tickle me that 'budget brides' can afford a wedding planner but cant seem to afford my cake!
Thank you for following us! Happy Holidays!
Turkey Cranberry = best sandwich in the world.
One week from tomorrow will be my last day of high school ever
ah oh well those meetings are too far away anyway. cant waste gas like that
Ugh! Biting my nails to the bone!
Give credit where credit is due "Hofeddy"
Song 7: You're Incredible - holding my world in the palm of your hands... Great God, You're Incredible!
¡¡¡CINCO DE MAYO!!! The Paul Gaspar Latin Jazz Quintet on the Recording Stage @ 7:00!! Fajitas and Fish tacos in the dining room!! MUY BUENO
anybody there?
awe /: okay behbeh! Its okay were almost done
Miami doesn't need a ring. Miami needs young people on fire for God and churches like
Just heard the finished first verse... Pretty sure all of Buffalo is going to "Shout"
Yeah, that was it.
Hahahaha! It's alright :)
I wouldn't *trust* Nancy Grace to cover the #TrayvonMartin case. Maybe she'd surprise me, but I doubt it...
Is it really faster overall?
Mane my nigga #steve #francis got a song out
it is delicious. Had a trip planned to the brewery but it fell through. :(
No I did not. I just remember my Solihull mate being a little astonished lol and saying "Er Alright America lad!" haha.
Damn what about me? I never feel the love
haha, yeah, at least since the Rudy Johnson days
But i still want my case of beer. Wait, you promised a keg! Pay up homie
...And get a better case too! LOL
Bored:P just sittin at a car show until 11pm cus my dads car is in the car show -_-
Hey, guess what?....i love you!:)
hot chocolate(:
Thanks to for the delicious Sweetie-Licious pie! :-9
word. Keeps them busy between fights.
What ever you want shawty i'll give it 2 you ♥
Trailer Park Girl Hoodie
instead of this morning, I think I'll be in this afternoon.
Im about to be up editing pics all night lol.......
"four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is."
RT "At the to see Front row, baby!" Have a great time tonight, Paul! Should be fun!
Back in Connecticut.
Just bacon love my friends, bacon love.
RIP Dan Sicko . Your words have inspired many and will continue to inspire many more. Your family is in our thoughts.
I was partial to Jason Aldean, but agreed, all good
Yes indeed non-profit is a tax status it is not a business model
Just always trying to elevate beyond flaws and faults, always be humble of course... Thats my mantra.
Hard to focus on anything but the game Thursday night.
I'd rather Slip and Fall in Shit then Fall in Love with You.
Welcome to the Third Ward! We'll stop by and say hi soon, we want to check out the new shop and those killer
Band of Horses is rocking Madison Square Garden tonight!
I think PETA just asked me if I was a kale addict.
First cig of the day >
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -Williams James
Sin is geographical. ~ Bertrand Russell
Trivia for Jan 11, 2012:On this day in 1935 who became the first person to fly solo from HI to CA?
I miss you homegirl. You always say you're gonna hang out with jacky next week and y'all never do. Whatupwiddat!?
nada. empty water bottle. congrats.
HERB FUCKING WELCH!!!!!! :D
Read the first chapter of 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' last night. It's already drawing me in.
birth of a beautiful little girl. For six years Fate left this girl alone. During this time she grew and grew. And everyday she became
oh? ok mate..
thank you bubz
"Radicalism is... asking difficult but important questions about the root causes of inequality in higher education..." via
Despite Sirc's view, I'm still not convinced English Literature has a place in FYW, mostly because that's not the type of writing most do.
Well, exactly! Love your twitter background using the MGM class picture, btw.
lol! i am a recruiter & received a call on my caller id j.knight. got excited and it was a sales call :0(
God Bless America Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – USA Patriotic Eagle Adult Pullover Hoody White
Happy Monday! Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying this gorgeous weather.
today is a good day! tonite even better!!
Did you just verbally Sharpie it?
“O'zapft is! Oktoberfest is Here”.
Get ready AAM. Dropping #museumbingo button making and Drawing Club on you tomorrow.
I Love Louis
Zuckerberg as man of the year? What has that stupid geek done that is so great?
Ok, done with numbers! Now we got some colorful conversation goin!!
i will!
cheer up midget ;)
Brooke, just how nice you are completes my day. <3
I need your attention....
The Arrangement on Fremont has a great gift selection & the sweetest employees. Love going in there!
Or simply looking at the other posts in the discussion board would have made it very clear.
Now it's 85° F, Clear in New York City - Fahrenheit for iPhone & iPad. Wishing safe & cool travels for #tcbsm4hr tomorrow!
I love your tweets!! They're amazing!!(:
Guys, when Felicity Porter wants to have sex, she gets pretty weird.
Come see us play downtown tomorrow for free! 6:45 in front of momma g's on broadway. holler.
thanks!!! From what I have seen so far, it's turned out so good!!! U did great!!
are we good now? <3 c':
Cynthia Gordy of joins for the journalist panel on #WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 am ET/PT
Talk to me
Grégoire in Berkeley
When eating try to take 20 minutes to finish. It takes 20 min. to signal your brain that you are full, & is better for your digestion too.
This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks! Come on Bulls!
- is Rickey Henderson a shoo-in for leadoff hitter? Would he DH? Can't possibly be a top three OF, ironically. . .
You Fake
No comment...
nah, that one was for me.
I'm a believer in Ramon Sessions, though I feel the Lakers are one more offensive threat away from really being back in the title mix.
I'll see you there!
Do you miss me too? I miss you. :)
Blaring classic country with the sunroof open & the windows down
I'd kind of like to start an anonymous blog of things I overhear around my house....
Thanks. I feel pretty confident. A few questions I didn't anticipate but overall, not bad.
The menu for tonight looks amazing!
#BostonGirls don't care about cobblestone and snow, we got these heels on Newbury St, Bitch!
Big show tomorrow at the BACKBOOTH in orlando! Doors at 8pm. 5 dollar admission! Lets do it big!
On thaa Phone w/ my Niqqa C-Rod !
Im on chapter 7!!:)
everything luxury
theo (2 yr old) loves both those things, so i am confident it will be good
thanks for your kind words
Murray.........please no. Looked like an ankle.
Still can remember playing soccer during O level year. But we still study anyway. Hahahaha.
yay!!!!!!!! You'll be so proud. Can't wait to see you and hear all about everything.
Still love the Marlins but that logo is gawd awful ugly.
haha, I wasnt trying to be mean... only trying to tell the truth
Can't stop watching the miner rescue, but that tube isn't looking so good and the are at least 34 more round trips to go
It is unspeakably beautiful in KC tonight. I wish you all were enjoying a glass of wine with me on the deck.
How was your special lunch date?
I LLALALALlLLlalalalalalaLALALA LOVE TURN TO YOU<:
I mean if you know me, you know I LOVE to take pictures so I guess it just makes sense..
Not true. Let's just focus on Jillian Barbarie for right now.
9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. is prime time.Give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines. They need 3 hours for the best story results.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
Bb boy looks so precious right now 💘
aw thanks =]
is redesigning my office/studio space. Planning to move locations over the next few weeks.
Did you catch that double rainbow over Portland this morning?
Watching #safe da movie bad
I was also!
God Damn .
RED STAIN ON CARPET??? Hydrogen Peroxide/ Dish Soap... Message me directly for instructions
Tomorrow night at will be exciting as we watch win! #RBNY South Ward, #CincoDeMayo #UFC & Boxing fans will be there!
When you are my age, YOU DO NOT HAVE A PERMIT.....
I hope I have enough in my bank account or wait until friday and use my mom money lol
He sitting there looking surprised as fuck
hi. random ?. do u remember a campaign u ran on Twitter last year to have peeps submit photos of nature in their backyard?
love love love you too baby! Next week ;)
“: - yes, it is huge for the LA Rams (who will get every player the skins would've gotten for the next 4 yrs).” 3yrs
lol what's the line
think I could pull off some basic , but none of the advanced level stuff.
Just 100 dollars short of being able to buy a plane ticket to Ireland. Then all I need is spending money!
tucker was fast asleep on couch within 20 minutes of getting home today. sweet sweet peaceful victory :)
what a morning; 1st a neighbors house was TP'ed then as I got on the Freeway a car was flipped on its side. There were cops everywhere.
thank you!
I'm hungry!
You concerned about a guy that don't even pay you no mind.
I have no idea what that is. :)
R.I.P Whitney Houston <3
Mordheim tonight! Hope to see you there for some good Warhammer Skirmish action!!
Hey Cuzo! Trying this Twitter thing...coming up in the world!
I work w/captioners. On staff at Nice work w/Dine and Sign!
A friend returned from her honeymoon to find the contents of her kitchen cabinets moved 1 cabinet to the left.
Spot on
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
Due to some technical problems we will be closed today for our morning shift. We will re-open at 6pm today. Thank you
Hey Ashley thanks for following, nice glasses
Clear the ache of loneliness by feeling your connection to everyone.
it would be weird if you didn't. I'm so sorry.
they say i look very depressed these days. okay, time to chin up!! depressed no more!!!!!!!!!
i need fallowerss:)
follow back:D
Heading out to for birfday fondue!
your the best and most favorite
How's your mommy? :]
the heart knows, what the heart knows. If it feels right, do it!! You don't want any regrets!
sorry to hear
Putting cream on after I shower is religion
Outside my window, is that the springtime tweeting of little birdies I hear -- in mid-February?
yah sorry. Misinformed by datpiff. I got excited at first
Goodnight tweets!!!
Life is good when you see the good in life
Hi, yourself! What state are you in at the moment?
Bosh needs to stop being a whoosey and get his ass on the court.
I'm really in the mood for CUPS!!
AWWW , im walking home alone today i suppose, and im guna be alone for fourth period /:
heey(: Nothing much you?
No Message exist in your products advertisement list.
2 global centers of intensely concentrated luck
nevermind I can't because you're not following me :( But remember in High School, that guy that creeped on you all the time..?
For better or worse?
Ima hang this phone up.
why must it be -666 degrees in this library? I'm shivering!
Heading home to a glass of wine to celebrate the end of the work week
i think imma lose some more teeth lol
I just got back from the gym and I realized that a #healthybody is useless without a
lol. Me either !
DOOOOD I HAVE 4 PHONES. CALL WHEN YOU HEAR BTR PLAYING
we are currently smog checking vehicles at the moment give us a call so we can set up an appointment for you :)
That's what the Suns said! RT : Shaq, I'm begging you... please add value!!!!
I think it's something like "western harmonium" vs. "eastern harmonium." Ones used in India etc. are the portable ones.
how and when did we get to be almost 30 instead of almost 20?? i'm pretty sure i left for college aug 18 too. it was a saturday.
Second day of class at new MMA school. Jiu jitsu today my favorite!
My legs are such an ugly color and shape 😓
Just finished talking to my Australian cousin
The question that is on everyone's mind....WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THE MEGA MILLIONS JACKPOT of $540 million?
RT : Default [*user*] has changed from the [*lurker*] to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
Young Justice Legacy poster!
There is no friend as loyal as a book
This ice cream cone so good right now
One of our therapist just signed up, and is quite excited and hopeful, for her first TRX class. What's your experience with TRX?
I wonder who's signing autographs at the Browns Draft Party.. Anyone know??
notarial hands from any age are difficult, and certainly more frustrating than presentation mss. lecture notes, however...
Loving this new I phone
I may be a flirt ; but in a relationship I am so faithful.
really? I was shocked. Usually employees are so nice!
Stay alive long enough to publish it...
Is every conservative in San Diego calling into KPBS now :-)
To follow us on Twitter, text "follow TheCabotGroup" to 40404
And MFA thesis I is Advanced. Story bootcamp for your book. You'll see. We have a great time.
Alien or human, you are a "brand." | #Hasbro has gaming, story, and feature in the branding wheel house. How's 'your' branding going..?
Do not use your own marketing money to promote someone else's site.
Alum event on the Hill hearing about Thomas Jefferson with
The on-going mystery can finally come to a stop. For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
is free a good enough promotion?
RT : #teamnokids that why I go so hard
Check out AU Discover the World of Communication at audiscover.org!
Swollen nose<
im not short , im heiqht challenqed
I don't understand how my favorite pair of jeans went missing...
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
I'm loving all this rain!! It's almost dandelion season!! WOOHOO!! Bring it on, Mother Nature!! ♥
How have you been? What are you up to these days?
Junior high guys are so immature.
Is a 'sprint jersey' something specific? I just bought a Novara one. Very light but not really tight around arms and chest.
Good morning. Cheers to a summer like day! *tink
follow back?
Damn, I hate when something bad happens to someone close and there isn't shit you can do or say to help.
Hi Lyndi! Great to see you at an #smcsea event.
Congrats to Derek Layne (Los Angeles) who closed a Raising Cane's in Arizona this week!
He sees what I see and he knows what I know.
pfffft. You can do it :P.
people are DELUSIONAL
Yeah... this: RT : Did I just see a tumbleweed go by? Longest Viral Video w/most views? Really?
My pleasure Bob! Look forward to your tweets!
Capps: As easy as 1, gulp, 2, gulp, 3.
It was a shoot out AND high octane. Very intense. So glad they won.
Cold as shit outside! Moving practice to the basement.
Homemade biscuits. That's just how I roll..
and you know where you are? "Your in the jungle baby"
You two crack me up, but AMEN to #wingsOnlyonpads -- and not even then
We aren't giving tours at the moment. Feel free to stop by and say hello, though!
how was walmart? xD ha P.L.U.R.<3
Would this be the same one that's our dear POTUS' COS? That one?
Ultraviolet USB Cable also recognized by as being the BEST USB cable, "leagues ahead of its competitors". A must digital audition
Oh my:) hehehe we like the cupcake parts;) I like american, british and australian ones<3 aww yeahh!
please follow me <3 I love you
THIS IS FOR REALS: free burgers at the new Division store, Sunday 4-8pm! open for regular hours Monday!! yaw!
how was the vow?
Work hard play hard
haha Kyla said it not me! ;)
Had my medicine feels like a while since i aint had in two days
Today (July 6, 2010) marks 4 years in business!! Thanks to all of our clients & supporters for everything! - MWWdesigns.com
Even went you weren't single, I was that one, but now bitch took it all away.
No problem, and no pressure :) Hope to catch you at the show if not at our place.
DS: still rocking my usual purple polo that I wear every Monday after the #Ravens play. It was a tough loss, but I'm a #Ravens fan til I die
♛Facebook, Twitter n You Tube have taken over our boredom
guys, twitter must be broken. no one gave me a job to do the letters to maurice sendak book.
what do you mean ?
Tornado Warning issued for Orange through 4:15pm.
Eric, meet Ryan... Ryan meet Eric...
it's ok(: I found it on YouTube (:
is #Following : #ThankYou, I'm often preparing meals and concerned about our food chain & health I look forward to your tweets
there is nobody else; it's gotta be you. only you.
Lost Without You <3
Your very welcome. Have a great weekend!
something like that ;) 1) Beat all humans at Hive. 2) Beat all humans?
Everyone who's won swag during our Twitter contests last week....your prizes are in the mail
Hahahaha i love watching people zumba
#HHD have a great day :)
are you a bulls fan or heat
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!..........
Street Revenge
RT Versus goes dark on DirecTV, dropped from broadcast satellite
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
Was hoping for a more...revealing..photo but your shot of #TheBoondockSaint bar in Big Easy was way cool....heard good things..
4 the record, Careless Whisper was G Michael post Wham. But ur all 2 young 2 kno that!
Kids are starving and homeless, yet, we still teach them about Jazz in our public schools. Together we can
I ordered today & it took them over an hr to deliver 2 sanwiches less than 2 miles away. That is NOT freaky fast.
I hv an 11 yr old professional kid chef, Her mission is to inspire kids to eat fresh local ingredients
Is there a strategy behind Cruz's whole team wearing the tiny shorts HE wears
Hi peeps. It is going to be a busy 19 days up to the 3/24 Race for the Cure. Need extra time, strength, health to keep the stress at bay.
iight ill bring ben davis n T
My staff and volunteers are collecting nomination signatures at Madison Farmer's Market. Say hi to them at King Street Corner.
Last Post Til' Boxing Practice Over "Money & Hoes, Money & Hoes" Lml I'm So
Young people....THINK. Social media, television, music, and technology are ok, but do not be ruled by them. Unplug often and go within.
Finally Cargo goes yard with an opposite field shot!!!
I like to fuck fight, so we spar in bed. I got that pink pussy, he beat it orange red.
I've got Graham in top 10, Mendy in top 5. Mathews over McGahee....Ingram not in the conversation with those other backs
"Your hands made me and formed me; give me understanding to learning your commands. -Psalm 119:73
Cell phones are no longer private now ?? Lol you wanna just get married ?? Smh
I can't wait to see you. Imma tackle you
hhhaaaaaaarrrrible idea unless you want to change your radio show to "the jay sparxx white trash night show"
still waiting for Poff to give me a killing photoshoot
I want britts iPhone :(
Hi there :)
thinking about moving my office to the cafeteria a few hours a day because that is where the good cross-functional meetings happen
dont stop loving him
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attack social welfare problems!
I know I just can't wait
I believe I have finally shown why is the best part of the
You keep reminiscing while i keep living it!
1,000 is the number of the month. Are you fired up for our social media contest yet? -Vince
It is time.
"On the Mountains of Truth, You can never climb in vein" Nietzsche . #perseverance #G=S
Bacon Chocolate.
Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
There too! Looking forwarDD to seeing you at both DD's.
Ok, I get it. This isn't a quiet floor. Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers.
Good morning Twitterland :-). Hope all have a wonderful day.
Loas Economic Report 2012 | Live Trading News
I'm sorry, what did you say?? I can't hear you..
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
Beliebers are ready for boyfriend!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait
Due to popular demand, STARcise will soon unveil its new P.E.P.!! (Playdate Entertainment Programs)
As a Heat HATER, I'm ready for some more biased officiating.
drink to me only with thine eyes
Austin Mahone my inspiration
was there any name calling or cussing?
LAUGH. NOW. I COMMAND YOU TO LAUGH.
Loved the way you played this year. You were a true Bronco and were the heart of the Offense.Good luck next year.
lakers' announcers were thoroughly confused when rudy donned the
#WeLoveChristian your true fans will always be there for you <333333 no matter where you go in life
And you know it!
I'm glad to hear you had a good time.... We have lots more events coming up!
i should've slept in
Never, ever fun!
yea but it's almost but not 100 there yet. Few tweaks left And it ll be all set. Few who heard it approve!
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order. Still have the "Hold the roll..." shirt from FASTLANE.
The Pope is now following our tweets. With a mere 49 followers and 1 tweet, we have become the 158th person he follows. Let the wine flow.
Can't sleep. Mother effer. I'm so not going down stairs. Fuckin' aliens are down there.
So is star trek
Awwuh ): I wish you did something instead of that when did you stop cutting ?
I am loving doing these weekly conference calls and would love to continue them. What would you like to hear me talk about?
Okay, caught up with the rest of the sports world.
Weird things always happen when I go out on H. St. Wondering if tonight will be any different! :)
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson!!!!!
you need to follow my other page !
You don't have to use parchment paper. Parchment paper just means it won't stick. You can spray it with oil instead. Foil.:)
inspiration follows aspiration
We can place you on our guest list if you would like? Free before 1am!
Set the kind of goals that will make something of you to achieve them. - Jim Rohn. F#%$ yah!
rocking out to some of your new mixes from
Awesome art apprenticeship opportunity for young people 16 - 22 at the Honolulu Academy of the Arts. deadline is August 18th, so get the...
Miami is so live right now!
Great show today!!!! Chris Webber show 98xm Sirus... Love it!!!
You Cant Make Everyone Be Your Friend...
Laughter is the best medicine. A single laugh may boost your immune systems defenses for up to 3 days.
My one problem w/ finishing books by Seth Godin is that they make you want to start doing right away, and stop reading.
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Got carded, tried to see an R rated movie.. -___-
RT RT Retweet if you love the #Browns and
I want to be the Primrose Everdeen of the Mega Millions Jackpot.
Rankings are team's 12 best results from worldwide events from Jan. 2011-June 2012. So they're playing everywhere to drop past poor finishes
Would you take the over or under for the Baltimore game this Sunday??
There is the Sonic Boom in Conway
#upabos12 I went to Altec Plastics and got a piece of scrap plastic for the mobile usability test sled I showed during my 1pm talk
whatever label you slap on, its working for you. Hope you are well.
I could browse in The Careful Peach for hours...they sell beautiful tableware, soaps, table linens & jewelry... m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Favorite movie you've seen recently?
just cuz i wouldnt give my bro $5 so nite if i dont get off ill get wooped again so goodnite
That was the only Suits photo for now but glad it gave you so much pleasure. :)
. Our event is rain or shine! See you there!
Dreams R dreams but blurry & reality seems 2 B da only motive trying 2 make the best of every bad situation seems 2 B my life story
YOU BE FP WHILE THEY GOT THIS FACE ^_^
you rock sir!
Totally jelly right now
Good morning twitter
THE CUTENESS OF THE NEMI TWEET THAT JUST OCCURED. SOMEBODY HOLD ME
It's official. I have a nerd crush on federal prosecutor Reid Schar. Can't wait for his closing argument in #Blago 2: Trial Harder.
What would happen to land, street, situational, performance arts without film or photography?
Using the bathroom always makes a person a little bit happier ^_^ unless it was an unpleasant trip
Wow. Thanks RT : #WW Some of Chicago's most popular Somms.
haha, I know, i get worse!!! eeeeeep >.<
Miss the way you kiss, miss the way you wear them heels and make it switch.
nice that's wassup gettin them stacks right
I used to eat these, but i change my diet now.
Soggy news RT : So, I forgot to bring in the newspaper this morning...
Come enjoy our Taco Tuesday lunch special today!!
Thanks a lot, Cole Hamels. It's lame to intentionally hit a player, but now you're messing with my #fantasy lineup.
Good Morning!!! Get up and be productive today!
there might actually BE a "ultimate frisbee cunts" team here. it's kinda like roller derby here... some all-lady frisbee teams
; No thanks :) & I shoo' ain't bout to take that test tomorrow either! Lhh. but, i am glad that we don't have her tomorrow!
thankful for what your spirit has done for me. Love u juice. Happy thanksgiving
RT : I use 50% reduced fat Cabot... can b as low 60 cals per oz ": I'm looking 4 a way 2 have quality cheese
The friendliest folks around are at Foster Indy Mart waiting to share some of their warmth with you! 7916 SE Foster 11-7
great great great job on CapCap for the new issue of Nailed it =) You da best! Drinks soon? We say yay!
I say its time for episode 5 of Hard Drive 13!
it is 10:22pm and it is stil hot outside!
I think my roommate stole my deodorant #jsthatacompliment?
She's lucky she cute..
did he really eat it?
ug, better u than me! ;) good luck! Xo
Who's getting the Money May fight tonight?
It was a beautiful day of brunch... and SO good to see people up on the rooftop! Can't WAIT for a real "summer" day with a cold bier....
At home with the wife eatting pizza
is it not true that Neville/Rio have no love lost during when UTD paid Rio 8full mos during drug thing plus his contract demands?
Andy is always rocking so hard that he breaks his body parts....get well soon buddy, I hope to see you in November!!
At noon today, the next installment of "Ryan talks with two smart dudes about music and stuff" aka the soon-to-be-named radio show.
Hey, if you can get it that way... Awesome. I don't think a urologist will do it for me.
Registration 4 #EdcampSS. www.edcampss.org join us & 4 what will b an amazing weekend.
Good morning! 7:13 AM here and I just woke up. :) <3
the bitch selling has the garage FULL of her possessions. There's no excuse, this date has been set since March.
#NowPlaying The Roots - Undun. Happy Monday!
How It's Made - Canola Oil
Did she really say groovy?
haha..but as your agent...I get a cut...5%
Today at 3pm Abele takes the oath of office on MacArthur Square outside the Courthouse.
RT : Just being on #SocialMedia is not enough. Content and frequency is the key. #Twitter, FB, #Pinterest are NOT the same....
I didn't really look cuz we were in a hurry. :(
Gel medium transfers art series now in the works - custom pieces also avail, - contact for more info.
Nice job! Thumbs up! Check out the new Development Gateway website bit.ly/bM2e0g and let them know what you think! MT
#ff and great people to follow - happy friday!
Troy what is the success rate of pitchers returning to form after Tommy John's?
RT : Pro-Gingrich super PAC bought more ad time today on Rush Limbaugh's show.
more followers pls
Thanks for the shout out !
I'm really impressed with the amount of One Direction King's Dominion plays on their loudspeakers...I approve!
Earth, Air, Fire, Water. You're IT! - David Macauley
Donnell Jones has the best break up song of all time because he realized he was stuck in a wavery median acknowledges he love her but needed
there was no baking occurring was it? Lol
Beware of using words "visitors" & "audience", it makes us a "place that they come to." -Doug Borwick, community engagement session
My Quote of the Day - "Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women.", Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
LMBO... PJ!!!! it's called some crap I pulled out my closet at the last minute actually... you dont like it!? :-( LOL
On my way to the 'Webicon' and rehearsing for the tour! Some of u will be there 2day and meet me,we`ll have so much fun!
Instead of calling playwright Mike Daisey a liar, shouldn't we call Ira Glass a lousy fact-checker?
no lo digas :(
It is #MOBWIVES time!!! Rushed home to see my girls. Poor I still want to be Big Ang when I grow up.
My Little Girl- James Harman starting out the day.
Fantastic! Here's hoping we have another book sale soon. We are always getting great books that don't fit our collections.
Jeff says if you like that, go for Spaten Optimator. I'm partial to hoppier choices. Or La Folie.
sure you did, thanks so so much!!!!
yes exactly. BOYS, DO YOU HEAR THIS, YOU ARE AWFUL ACTORS except you lou, he was actually good.
The only reason I'm still here is because things keep getting in my way...
This is tweeting wit josh phn:)
Admit when you're wrong. Say sorry when you hurt somebody.
RT : Amazed that all people upload videos from their bedrooms to YouTube w/o cleaning first. Your mom's probably pissed, bro.
- she SO deserves it.
Ew. Delaware stinks.
omg I saw it also I grabbed it&i fell on the floor!lol haha
thanks so much! Blessings on your day!
TONIGHT - Special Guest DJ's Lazy K- (Austin, TX), Wyld Stallynz (Fuji vs Curtis Dirt), Tranz-X & Lotus Resident DJ'S XES & Justin George
Being ignored <
with all the monorail problems they've had this year, i'm not so sure...
There is nothing wrong with America that the faith, love of freedom, intelligence and energy of her citizens cannot cure
Does anyone out there think Allen Gregory is funny at all?!
RT : Today's Steven Wright-ism: Whose cruel idea was it for the word 'lisp' to have 's' in it?
no problem :) x
Ppl fail to realize that Lebron is still that dude.... Hate it or not..
#rtcinco errands soundtrack: Cake Station on Pandora. Delicious. Try it.
excuse me sucka??!! I ain't thinkin n bout them jive turkeys. I'm listenin to my grooves, ready to cut a rug
Need a dope photographer for a celebrity event in LA June 9th. If you are one or know of one contact asap
Going to be a long day
Denial....first sign of denial....wait.... RT : Knew what? Just to clarify, I DO NOT like Justin Bieber.
Why did the banana need sun tan lotion? He was peeling. LOL
alienates us from Christ. from the Explanation of Gal. 2:16. Verse 21: For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in vain.
somewhere is crying...
soups are the BEST in the District! Wish I was tucking into a steaming bowl right now - rather than this Lean Cuisine :(
Played softball w/Bshift, 1st base, man my hand is killing me. Might have made the team inadvertently.
St. Xavier's Austin Clemons has a line drive single in the T1, but he's stranded at 1st. Eastern coming to bat for first time. No score.
haha school??? High school or college?? And I'm at work I work graveyards :(
Ur sound is so unique:)
o tell you that!
Happy Sunday everyone ! Hope you all had a great day :)
Morning all..
riots will end...forecast is rain=no work boots. And they are coming way too close to sticking to something for a week.
Fucking lost another game. Can't win on 2 good players fml
I touched my math book as I slid it under my bed to forget about it existence.
haha, who knew my whining and complaining would get me somewhere! thanks!
S/O to for being awesome. Good swimming girl, keep it up!
sounds like a line-up!
You're killin' me here. -___-
The pungent smell of yr neighbours cooking fish never, ever, ever gets to be more tolerable.
#Omniture Network Acceleration Timeouts + Waiting on hold to speak to Client Care = Very Unproductive Day :(
Ya'll are babies. I was in grad. school, about to take orals.
if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow
I miss us... Alot
Thanks for not letting all of the ntl #LGBT orgs know about today's bomb threats. Glad you're concerned for our safety.
I didn't realize Bike To Work Day was today in LA. I'd already made plans to do a portion of Friday's commute via bike and blue line.
tell them to take u there. Yall will enjoy it.
#Sandomierz warmer than Newark today with a massive 34C. Enjoy the sunshine!
Intense 2 hr workout to start off my saturday. The things i can get done when i dont drink are amazing
Fantastic 1st #OksanaG workshop-performance last night to full house, Charlene Santoni in title role. Again tonight w/ new cast.
Cant ever sleep at night.. I hate thia
should have, but my brother-in-law was graduating from the police academy. It was the smiley dinner spot.
tweet tweet! flitting about the twittersphere.
Hahaha said Tiger is off to a "steady" start. She is as condescending as she is incompetent. On TV and in person.
SO excited to meet & tomorrow for drinks at a stranger's house! Bad idea? Hm....
Do not anticipate trouble, or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight. Benjamin Franklin
Welcome to Twitter & thx for following! Be sure to check out for more on the latest in mktg, adv, pr & graphic design!
); they not coming to Jacksonville ....
Playlist here in foggy is on point. Seriously. Ridic.
hoes be quiet
I don't know...I'm kind of remembering the crumbly desserts fondly
Gotta love some college holiday hoops! Big game tonight #mizzou vs. #illini. GO TIGERS!
haha well not alone, with roomies. But alone meaning no parents
Detlef Schrempf continues to prove he's my favorite Sonic ever.
DM Quietly developing a single-purposed digital textbook to meet the the most engaging digital learning needs. Can we talk?
So I just got a visit from some Jehovah's witnesses
#WhatWomenWant big ring, big house, and a man with money.
“: Dwight Howard shot 39 free throws last night? Wowww” I just looked at that too lol crazy
Who's ready for a studio update?
hi its michelle sup? ur cousin!!!
no matter how many times i see that movie i always scream wen the door slams while they're sleeping!!!
thanks for the follow! hope you are excited for our line!
The Oregon Zoo is offering free admission for military (& family) this Friday to commemorate Veterans Day. (ID required)
Team Quiz Night! 8pm. ****NEW FIRST PLACE PRIZE!!!!*** $50 FIRST PLACE GIFT CERTIFICATE!
This type of diet emphasizes low-fat protein sources, such as lean meat, seafood, low-fat dairy products and beans
Good times at The Hard Rock Tampa last nite! 2nite gonna RAWK St Petersburg FL at Suite Six -- Club Mixes w LIVE GUITARS
Jack Nicholson
yes i will. Miss my sister crystal!
When is someone gonna start the trend of wearing all spandex?
Working late on a Friday Night...Keeping #Pittsburgh Computer Users #Virus Free...
yes mam :)) ima come to ur house when i get off and we can go from there
youz blowin up my twitter feed, sounds like you're doing awesome! mad props =]
#BieberFact Justin said that at every one of his concerts, he sees that one girl that makes his heart stop!
Wicked was AMAZING last night! My favorite musical ever!
Happy Mother's Day to my SKC/Twitter mom and one of the nicest people I've ever met !
You cheated by adopting. :P
If you Never try you'll never know .
when back at the crib
sorry man! Just how it is.
Charity sees the need, not the cause. - German Proverb
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down - Arnold H. Glasow
It's time to spill your guts and I don't like what I see on the inside
Really enjoyed it! Thx 4 having me :) “: Big thx to & who give great panel^”
M just two more hours of work then I can enjoy the sunshine ☀😊
Ac isnt working.
#senioritis is slowly but surely going to kill me.
Nice job and !! Fun project to work on. #sportlaw See you in Athens in a couple of weeks.
I love the California Roll as well
That's the story of my life. Weekends hold so much promise of productivity on Friday that end up dashed somewhere along the way.
Anyone have lower level T-wolves tix for tonight's game for sale? I need 4 together if possible.
Aw yeah back in business
Don't tell me, it's not worth fighting for..
Strangers are just friends you haven't met yet. Get out there and meet new folks!
Style is knowing who you are, what you want to say, and not giving a damn” Orson Welles
How have I not been reading North Dakota Aviation Quarterly? Don't worry, I'm mending my ways.
Sorry #Houston I think the NFL world wanted to see a #Pats / #Ravens AFC championship game anyways!
Dark Shadows is a weird movie. Has a few funny moments but I don't think its worth seeing in the theater. -
I Hate How My Mom Picks Her Low Life Boyfriend Over Her Own Kids <<<<
Supermoon tomorrow night at 8:24pm according to appear 14% bigger.Could be great night for to shoot.
Thinking about repiercing my belly button? o:
Deaffromdicks.com is the best URL ever.
NE Pats or NY Giants?
Lakers about to overcome a 33 point deficit!!! Woohoo!!!
o its cool. I said wow cuz I couldnt think of ne thing else to say without being an ass. im trying to say I think yur pretty.
Be as radical as reality.
we're still testing this with one of our touchscreens! the response seems good so far.
Whatsoever was the father of a disease, an ill diet was the mother.
I literally got done in ten minutes today...wow im skilled
Rodgers is the human embodiment of the Staples " that was easy" campaign.
Keep your eye on the trading dot. Filter out the political noise. Markets are a leading indicator giving a glance into the future
Listen to "Question Reality" @ 5:00 PM, Enrique Ramirez, owner of Manhattan's trendy day spa, "Face to Face NYC." www.facetofacenyc.com
I talk to my teacher like I'm talking to my friend.
that sounds like a great discussion
RT : RT : Brightcove expected to price shares tomorrow, go public on Friday.
Don't be afraid.. You're already dead.
The people of Applebees were not impressed by Steven Tyler's rendition of the national anthem.
I see a lot of nodding in here. is killing her session!
Impress Mom this #MothersDay with delicious #homemadesalsa! It only takes 30 seconds to prepare, but we’ll keep that secret between us!
ALO - Man Of The World - 10:21 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Yay! Officially started with my Christmas shopping :-)
which one?! Lol
Fly a kite
#rememberwhen the hardest decision we had to make was what we wanted to watch, wear to school, or where we wanted to eat at.
Happy Birthday time coolest paranormal investigator out there!!!
Welcome to my personal twitter account. I also manage accounts for , , , ,
Douglas Crockford said it's "Je Son" [french accent] Everyone I know says "Jason"
should i get drunk and then reply?
RT Great 40-minute power nap in the Now back to work! <--The library is here for you! Good luck with work!
oh wow u finally joined the cult lol
HANDS UP!!! PRAISE JESUS! AMEN! I LOVE JESUS!!..
I'm NOT a fan of #NCState but #KarlHess and refs on ego trips> fired / retired. Tossing fans because of comments? Bad Ref'ing = BAD Ref'ing
Im in the High Way To Hell
Went to the gym. Got a good workout. Someone had their dog there, I got to sneezing and itching so bad - I had to leave. No comment...
can somebody tell me what time the lakers play tonight plzz
Not yet - was giving the wine a couple days to settle down. Will probably open one tonight or tomorrow. Looking forward to it!
Did you win the SBIR dept of ed grant?
likely story! haha j/k
So I gave in and got a 4s. Any gotchas?
oh wow! So will any ol' mayo do or does it need to be a certain brand?
The cookies I am baking have to stay in the oven for 9-11 minutes. And it's 9/11. Ooh, that is spooky.
I think "foreword" is preferred spelling.
sorry to hear about weemissfrankie getting injured. hope she has a speedy recovery :)
E-Portfolios: no direction a problem for some students?
no FSC HD in Boston is killing me...no FSC+ either
Anyone excited to see the 2013 Lineup of bats from ?? Just recently caught ourselves a glimpse… AMAZING!!!!
Thank you for visiting--'85 Gaia does indeed sound ideal.
omg I saw the ep. Omg. I weeped like a baby okay like srsly ohmygod it was perfect. I cried when Stefan was like you have me
No stick for Smith. Can this game get any worse for #Yotes?
OH for Grimy sake ima god for Grimy saker all i see is green im so close wit Mother Nature
haha love her too! She still cuts her grass....and you should see her back out the garage.
This voice for my test at work sounds like its a trainy
Key Largo Original Music Fest to Take Center Stage May 17-20 the return of Nashville's Melody Guy
I wish I owned a boat. 👎
watching the wizard of oz, thinking about ariana, and her great dorothy voice<3
Speaking at #MacWorld next week re: museum and art apps for the iPad. What's YOUR favorite? Make a nomination!
How is the host of the bachelor splitting from his wife!?
I really want cuzzins right now. Who wants to go with me? how bout you ?
Last class of the day finally
yay! Next up, retirement.
If you’re 13 & older i suggest follow ⇨ for tweets about advice on life, love & relationships that'll make you think! :D
Chances are looking good for a rainy ride home, at least toward the end of the ride! WOOT!
Sam Rivers used 2 rehearse his 1st big band in my loft on Bleecker St, just off the Bowery, back in '68. Alias & I were the rhythm section.
I don't know I only heard about it this year.
ME TOO! Sunshine, Drinks & Friends. Sounds like the best vacay EVER
2 military sons + 2 wives, hubby and I will be there Sunday to watch you WHOOP some Padre bootay! I hope we get good seats!
Agreed! Imagine the costumes!
School starts tomorrow. Where did the summer go?
; return true;
She'll be in my story tonight on at 9 and 10.
Thank God my landlord is a season ticket holder... Shocker fans come second to none!!
It loves you too ;P
I think just working in software certifies you to use "desi" but yes, I'm also mango powered 8) cc
I'll go anywhere with you
The 3 C's of Life: Choices, Chances, Changes. You must make a Choice to take a Chance or your life will never Change.
Starting to get hungry.. I should try to sleep now. G'night tweeps~
FINAL MEETING today at 1 PM in Donahue 220! Come to learn about SFR for next year, Q&A session, and possibly cake!!
8 yr old boy is recovering from hypothermia after boat capsized. Updates are on his #CaringBridge site.
Everyone needs their practical joker foil at work.
good luck to in Seattle
Pinterest for libraries with Joe Murphy
“: Why is Evelyn in basketball wives if she's with ochocinco?? -.-” Her 1st husband is in basketball :)
You looked ridiculously gorgeous last night! Best dressed at the AMA's? I think yes.
Digitally delivered perks. Don't blow your campaign earnings on shipping. Trick is making them juicy.
First on the list of things to do? Check in thru Foursquare. I'm the Mayor!
World: I am in the market for a new pair of pants. Recommendations welcome.
Trust your faith in what you believe!
It was HER idea!
hey wanna im nd did u make skype
well im outta here bout to roll over and snuggle on my sexy ass boo.what a blessed valentines i hope everybodys is as good as mine.one love.
awww you are sweet too. :)
Thanks! I just found from you!
s/o to the sanford police once again for going #fubar on the # #trayvonmartin case. what a mess! what a tragedy!
Can you ask to unblock me, please? Please tell her I would like to be friends with her.
RT : Lmfaoo nigga be rolling biscuits and humming negro spirituals at the same damn time.
Today is the LAST DAY to send in your Valentine's Day "Love Eternal" Dedications for our special show!! Info here: on.fb.me/wLSmL5
1995- The #CDC published findings on a new deadly strain of virus appearing near Kinshasa. They called it the #Ebola Virus.
TOMORROW FOR ME!!!! RT World, you will be changed in about an hour when I pickup my iphone.
Why can't someone in #HarrisCo distribute a voter guide!!? We just need to know which candidates are Republicans
what was it like to work with him???
#BOYFRIENDReview to be honest i'm so happy you converted haters!!!
oh really awesome :) yay!:)
I think Matthew Stafford is gonna need a hug.
yay yay! Miss u too!!! Glad ur on twitter;)
im not losing my bestfriend, am i ??
Hey girlie, how are you? DO YOU REMEMBER ME?
I knowww . lol it's okay ^-^
Talents within do not have an expiration date!That being said little willow needs about a 5 year break!Enroll that girl in summer camp ASAP
Happy Tuesday: Fashion fun, who was your favorite dress at this year's annual Costume Institute Gala ?
I agree! I find things like that fascinating.
come to chicago please.....! I cant go outta town for your concerts...:/ come to my graduation...? Ahah.
RT : Interesting idea - New trees planted in Washington DC neighborhoods can be adopted by residents via unique QR codes...
You have books this time! :0) Don't 4get your buttons! Those were a hit!
Its too hot
30 words from my goal and I'm stuck.
Please tell our readers about yourself. Who is Jonathan Maberry?
sure, I'd be happy to. It'd be great to sync up to. Next week work?
Thanks for the follow. Beautiful facebook page.
I just wanna ride in my ride with the top down.
That was fast. Hope it's good news.
It's fairly evident the Sabres have quit entirely on Ryan Miller. Ship him out.
is anyone really going to stop eating beef to solve global warming? I think not!
all of the mobile sites on my phone have started updating and i feel like a cave man trying to get used to them.
so I just realized that "teach" and "cheat" are #anagrams!!
Boxing class at 6am today and I'm ALREADY sore from it!! Yikes!
IPhone about to be announced, hurry so i can start my day.
i dont even know...
Addressing 's 2012 Mom Congress this morning. 21,000 moms gathered to talk about improving education in America. Wow!
"Afghanistan is a mirror 4 the world. If they don’t like the image in the mirror, do not break the mirror. Break ur face." - 9pm 89.3
Kristen Stewart Prepares For Life After 'Twilight,' Visits 'Jimmy Kimmel' [PHOTOS] - Socialite Life
Reminder: Intro to Processing programming class tomorrow at 7.
Talking about getting state meeting representation on the #midwestchaptermla website. States, anything else you want from the chapter?
my boss has tasked me to review the lit on neurofeedback and ADHD/learning disability. Anyone have any opinions. Just starting to read
balk, can't throw to unoccupied base.
At the school :(
Bat-shit crazy people day at the lib- paranoid schizo accuses me of "controlling Facebook." I wish! Called cops on truant kid who likes to..
Still have napkin with autograph from 2008 Geurilla Dinner with et al :-)
Not feelin it today.
Hope you guys had a great event! Thanks again for your support!
But it's ok to drink Ranger, right? RT : No one with the nickname #Rangers will win tonight!
Protect her like your Daughter. Love her like a Wife. Respect her like your Mother.
A-Town Veteran the#Streetlit #UrbanFiction #book by #ColeHart is available now on #Kindle for 99 cents.
Aaahhh I see =) happy to hear it was great though, sounds like you had fun!!
"Gigante", about a night security guard in Uruguay obsessed w/ one of the night cleaners; and "Ander", a Basque Brokeback Farm type story.
GO FIND NORMAN REEDUS AND TELL HIM I LOVE HIM.
Lebrick or lechoke does it again... you going to take back your Kobe comments now?
Can't wait for 's #newmusic! #BelieveAlbum. #November :)
thank you thank you!!! “: Congrats on winning 1st prize in the design competition! #WinningDesigner”
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.'
I could talk to him all night (:
On the road to Palestine Regional Medical Center today by way of a brief stop at the Madisonville Buccees.
I definitely will. I'm trying not to hype myself out, but I'm supremely excited for it.
Very funny! :)
wow i really need to start using twitter
I am loading instagram right now now so be patient with my texts
This teacher is jammin
Trusting someone who has hurt you before is like gambling even though you know you're going to lose everything.
looked great IMO
ticketmaster turns me from a regular person to an insane person in about 5 seconds
Thanks for the mention! Happy Cooking, Patsy
Lollipops at a dentist is like a shone saying she doesn't give a fuck yet she passes them out free everyday
Ha ha ha. Divided by...
I can tell something wrong with these hoes without messing with them.....hater
yeah! Congrats!
Truth! Grad School fail RT Big fan of contacting people to fill a requirement, and those people not responding. Gotta love it.
Sitting in the cinema, ready to watch the movie, then BOOM! The human giraffe sits in front of you.
Oliver Samuels is no doubt the most humorous Jamaican comedian there is. Once you see him perform you're guaranteed loads of laughter
loved the U2. Can you play more from first five albums? Pretty please!!!
I loved the video <33
Listening to the LDS (Mormon) General Church Conference #LDSConf. A second temple in Provo, Utah. Wow.
Something that we should learn
RT: Every man is the artisan of his own fortune. (Appius Claudius Caecus)
now, I tell you. Go fuck yourself!
K-love and world hope!
Having no cell service is driving me insane. It makes me feel like a crazy person intensely staring at my screen for a text to send.
The Orkin Man is slowly killing me. Stop spraying dammit!
Still doing web design? I could use your vision and smarts. From one midwesterner to another.
Still not putting the ducking motor in
Bird chases bug.
Whoa. They didn't tell you how to manage hypoglycemia? Maybe that will help control the migraines better?
must a been a good night
how sweet...
hoarders...omg! Crazy people!! But charlie sheen is whore-ding at home! :P
Budgets cuts mean 100 fewer food-safety inspectors in Canada
......and Both Elle & Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!
youre supposed to try and cheer me up meanie :p
That annoying moment when you cannot find the long side of your blanket.
Thoroughly enjoying my Cavs in The Garden right now.
who is buying it then???? LOL!
Presenting at the EducationUSA college fair in Kuala Lumpur. Recruiting the next generation of students!
I love da fact of knowing God blessed meh wit another day ya heard meh
Accept that when she is screaming loudly, its when she is hungry, upset or tired. Not because of you.
U can close ya eyes to things you don't wanna see, but u can't close ya heart to things you don't wanna feel.
I didn't even know state happened! I'm not on the exec board anymore!
Did I really just catch the last 5 mins of #Glitter?!? 😔
Dave matthew while studying 🎶🎶 gotta get thru 6 tonight then it's dia week🎉
Republicans... find some compassion. Not anti-immigration but pro legal immigration. Not big business but jobs.
Learn how to make healthy snacks for your Super Bowl Party at the Centre Branch on January 31st at 6:30pm. Register online or call 251-3700.
I don't want to sound like a grammar nazi, but in the article, is said he was "excepted," which means to be excluded. Just fyi
At Vietnam Wall, headed to Lincoln Memorial & tix for Washington Monument at 9
What do you do with dead chemists? Barium...
Rad thanks! RT : Exclusive to Capitol Hill/CD, Epic Cookie No5... Smell Epic. Be epic.
has a show with ATB.
On his 42nd birthday, Hollywood's wishes #CalRipken would return to run #Orioles ... I wonder if he's seeing the Os in LA ...
Heading down to for a "Curbside Chat" from re growth infrastructure planning and design. If you see me, say hi!
for the one year anniversary! Come down and celebrate. Beautiful day for outside music!
haha you must be a loser too since your talking to one :p
Twitter obviously hate us, thats it. WHY YOU DOING THIS TWITTER?....
Love the RasTrent. Thanks for the reminder.
Headed to work .... 6 days til probation is over can't wait
"...and nowhere is this discourse more impoverished than in the work of charlatan, Phillip Maciak..."
I'm having a talk with him in Cincy next Tuesday! It's bullshit!!!
Oddly enough, cinco de mayo doesn't translate into "some mexican holiday that involves drinking"......but nice try though
I don't need to flirt. I will seduce you with my awkwardness.
lots of support for the idea of data viz as source of "radical empiricism" at
Bring on your wrecking ball.
Man I hate it when she do that shit
That awkward moment when its December 5th and its 70 degress
Love in the time of Allergies
I know, right?
Im gunna make my own mixtape soon.Its about to be a BANGER!
“: Preparing for tomorrows photo & video shoot with folks!!! #BBV #Photography #Photoshoot #video”
Why does Central Park have dead spots? Its in the middle of FUCKING MANHATTAN.
FGS, students! When have you read an article that failed to give the last name of someone quoted?
My fav baseball team despite 9 runs down came back to beat a rival, and my fav bball team came back from down 18 to beat NBA's best team.
My weekly tip... If your waiting an extra long time to use the bathroom and a man comes out, let the next person in line deal with his funk.
go for anansi boys. It is less to understand and a lot more fun to read. Less of an opus more of a good time
Anything you fully do is an alone journey.
He's doing great! “: break a leg at ur #NABshow2012 panel!”
Delight Me was grateful to hear innovative ways to inspire and engage patients thru social media at #smwhc today!
20 more analogies!
Why do people still read her? Ugh!!!
Explain libel to me on the Internet you dumb fucks.
MT : T1.2 the qualities of a great blogger, the willingness to leave nothing out, bare all &be naked to the reader.
Thanks for the warm welcome and we are holdin on to our bloomers cuz pretty sure ur gonna take us for a ride!
And night.
Ah....skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet skeet!! No way man. Keep it popping .
Ah Monday you came too fast!
Had a fun time picking cigarettes out of my yard thanks everyone 
stay fresh
I'm changing the way I look at things so the things I look at will change.. I refuse to be an old bitter woman!
had a blast y'all! Cool group!
thanks boo
Thanks for the follow. I must check your place out soon
#JuicyENT & Meek Mill is about to be too fun at the longbranch !!
haha! thanks for the comment on my camping post. yes, we shall eat like KINGS! :) -lisa
will you be in Az next weekend?
I was going to post something intellegent, but considering how my brain is still trying to wrap itself around my schedule: BRAAAAAAAAAIIINS!
good piece; thanks for writing it (and for the link)
of course
Took me years to enjoy ice cream again after managing a almost all of hs. Glad I got over it! On our way to #FreeConeDay !!!
Add me everyone..show me some love and ill return the favor
you're welcome! And I'm glad :) yep I'm sure #Stelena is endgame ;)
waiting for Justin bieber!
Either way, "many other unbelievably exciting duties as assigned," amirite?
you would be on the cover if I published montwoods yearbook :) lol
This is a test Tweet from the Scapes app...please ignore! Soon, social networking will be integrated into Roundware which will be very cool!
No problem :) !! Glad I could shock you. Haha
DANGEROUS. I WANT YOU TO SEND SWAT TEAMS IN WHERE THERE WILL BE NO LOSS ON OUR SIDE. THEY ARE WELL ARMED, STING. FIND ALL OF THEIR HIDING
Live show Thursday 7P @ espresso yourself cafe in Powell, Ohio. This amazing place is closing in September, so if you haven been yet...
Now we want to hear which female celebrity you think is the best groomed? Why?
Today I was so tired that I tried to enter my employ ID# into the microwave to heat my coffee . Better skip closing night party
shut up Austin
high school??? Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
The procrastinator in me says tweet....now 8 tweets.
Would LOVE a cheapie rain-out win right here. No bullpen.
You know it! #puttinginwork RT Beast mode, on! ;)
aw, thanks boo
thanks so much, Sophie! :)
Idk how people go without a/c I'm finna die!!
Strawberry Daiquiries @ the Gazebo by La Casita: 9/10 for great flavor and ample serving of rum. $5.50.
Don't forget, today at 2:00 come learn from 's about RSS feeds at Kyle Morrow.
“: So excited for this Wed & I have a gift for sent all the way from #traversecity Michigan! Big fun!!” :)
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx DAZED &CONFUSED..
Dissertation successfully defended. On to bigger and better things. :-)
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend. As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :-)
what is happening..? I'm suspicious.
Great job by Anthony Davis tonight on the Jimmy Kimmel show.
I want to audititon for your next project for sure...
#BieberFact justin said in a magazine, that sometimes the only time he has to tweet, is when he is in the toilet. LOL!!!!!! oh justin... :)
I just want Summer to be here already. I dont want to care about anything! I just wanna have fun :)
that's not good
Need more followers, anyone fancy giving me a shoutout?
High #school math will be the #death of me #algebra #sucks for #parents too
Gotta maximize my craft
Pumpkin spice tea after my PS coffee with a PS muffin and a PS candle burning. In autumn, I have a problem
I tried French this year, let me just say, it is not my forte! LOL
Good Morning, Please take out a second to
That would be a Nemo's call -we have no control over that. We will be serving free dogs, #BabyRuth candy bars, &
RT : Finally caught up on 4th and forever. Great show. Watch it.
how's blue earth m'dear? we miss you in Seattle
so i just gotta say, i love ur tweets:)
The last 10 minutes are nothing close to a clinic on good basketball, but a testament to desire, heart & hustle.
Watching and the with the fam on my tv through video streaming from my iPad
man go on na!
Let's talk about how jealous I am that I don't live in Europe and didn't get to watch Luxury Comedy last night...
Working on The Triskelion Society Shop at triskelionsociety.com/shop
Rick Fox - NBA player -- scripted show online called OFF SEASON -- life of athlete off-season. produced with vugaru
Playing a cop today in blue bloods
Holy crap---it is really snowing out on Sylvan.
Recovering after working on logistics for 4 days at the Disney D23 Expo in Anaheim... wow I have never seen or been around anything like it
totally forgot tonight is FNF Friday Night Fights on TF2!!
The audition piece was fun, it had all the tricky tbone bits in there for sure. .
got me fucked up
there's no better feeling than tossing you off and making u do flips across the water... self satisfaction for myself haha 😁😳
Lol, don't judge me!
: Hmph, we'd expect at least a Macintosh II
...tip of the iceberg, . hold on to your hat.
Moving on doesn't mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what happened and continue living.
Love idea. Battle of the media.
He Is Risen! The Lord Is Risen Indeed!
It sure is windy in North Texas! What's the weather like where you are?
I want to be a part of it
sendin prayers th@ your word will B a blessing 2 those who hear it 2nite blessings 2 U :)
I'll be rooting for the one and only on #Chopped ... He's the one!
Wow what a hottie! So jealous ;) ahaha
Antoine Walker has got to be pretty broke to be embarrassing himself in the D League
meet , & vice versa! Two such nice people should know each other, really.
this is how I feel right now
Are you smarter than a 5th grader? Then tutor an elementary school student who’s homeless! Email Sandy, !
Cheering on the Rangers ! After an amazing SMU win!!!!!! TCU who????
I have a possible story for you regarding and Ash Wednesday. DM me so I can send you a brief description. Thanks.
Today is graduation for our latest group of kids on course...CONGRATULATIONS!!
Who has a #brunch filled weekend!?!
best meories of ABDC? Fav song? Fav #?and Can u follow me?
Want to harness the arts to transform lives? Come to Sunday's #TeenLifeLIVE NYC Fair and check out sponsor
haha good! keep drinking :p
i could have meant lunesta, ambien or nyquil. I didn't. But i could have.
Got hiccups from smoking xD
“Your faithfulness makes you trustworthy to God.” - Edwin Louis Cole
if to borrow is to take and not return, i have borrowed all my lonesome life
I'LL SEE !!! RT : WE GOING TO THAT NEW RIVERFRONT PARK TODAY AT 6 BE THERE
My reality just set it.
Looking forward to some home brewed stout to bring in the New Year! What beers are you having tonight?
A needed break from finals prep. Tons of new footage in #LostLandscapes of SF & hugs from old friends Moriah U & !
thank god for performances guarantees at guitar center
We'll see ya tonight, Oxford, OH!
Hurry the effffffffff up and graduate already!
Off to the gym with my baby Another great day!
That's pretty sweet Fake Uggla.
Start picking out your outfit! Saturdays starts in a few hours will all your favorite DJ's bringing the beats. Doors at 9pm!
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
how'd u get past security? betw u and cheryl and mlydy, there's a fiesta in the making!
Dnt tlk shit if you cant bag it up
I love u back<3
What to you call a Russian flea? A Moscow-ito!
You bet, thank you! I hope those students are going into marketing (: cc
where did he go?.. my eyes are like clouds..
Yup! Let us know when you're in #LA again! :)
That moment where you smile at a stranger to have them point out lipstick on your teeth #Thesedamnlips&teethglossy
Recruitng at the director-level is expected to outpace hiring at other levels of mgmt over the next 6 mnths, according to ExecuNet poll
How do you make a bandstand? Take away their chairs
Watching press conference on Thomas Robinson entering the NBA draft.
I miss my kevin ! :(
rule no 2. Meet right people. Not what u know but who u know
we were whispering, idk why you have supersonic hearing lol.
Enjoying some pampering
hey :) y aren't u in any of austins videos? With Alex
hunter doesnt publish people on iau if theyre already published naked on the internet professionally.
great if u can message me on facebook that works best to talk facebook.com/mikemacdirect thanks :-)
Rainforest Alliance-certified small coffee farms in El Salvador +76% yield 2007-2008 vs. control group +22%
Nice poke out by CP3 though.
i just got attacked by a huge fucking beetle and i screamed and cried and ran and stripped any my neighbors are such assholes
that image is too cute!
I just had to get my final approval in on a scene before the end of the day! Congratulations again!
At least we didn't lose 10-0 like the
Waiting for my credit card to list the transaction first, if it does, ever!
Will do.
so true!
BOOM...EXACTLY
I almost kicked out last night for the same thing!!
Headed to Western United's annual meeting? Stop by and say hi, I'll be in booth #1!
Oh no I'm scared I think I just clicked a stupid spam! If I spam anyone please tell me Stupid fucking spam
Turk didn't looks very good last night. I am concerned.
My prediction for May 18. 1.75 hours of crazy alien/naval warfare, followed by...."YOU SUNK MY BATTLESHIP......!!!" ann credits.
Will this be the last playoff game we see played with these OT rules (team can win w/o other team getting the ball)?
THANK YOU! RT : Real men wear pink? Shut the fuck up. Pussy faggots wear pink.
Tks 4 following me! I would like to learn more about your services. Can we set a day & time to chat? Cheers ~ Tony Di Rico
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateTo hitting the snooze button a few times
We've made a lot of pro-gress in the manner in which we say the word pro-cess...
I think there is a list somewhere. The website didn't have links. I will look.
RT : The Indiana Pacers have secured home court advantage in the First Round of the 2012 Playoffs.
why so addicting., WHHHYYYY
Neither can we, thanks!
YES! i saw that trend and i was like what does this even...i just i don't know even any more -__-
stupid people.
Whats the name of this $600 studio apartments? Thanks.
Happy Star Wars Day!
hahaha, I barely know any of it & idek how it got stuck in my head
follow me please :(
awesome! Are you going to get one of those riding mowers? They look so cool!
Lol...no you are that young!...I remember bill hailey!
It destroyed two tires and the wheel well. Its back up and running today!
Disclaimer: if he's putting it on twitter it means its not for real
Watching a mormon defending "traditional" marriage because "that's the way it has always been" Unless you come from polygamist descent!
improv ain't standup. And it annoys me when people think it is.
Yes! DAMN YOU WHISKEY ICE CREAM!!
With talking crazy shit as always.x3
aw I'm slow.
that's my favorite kind!!! :)
It's just like Tom's!
tee hee! Join in!
At the Sac Old City Association District 4 candidates forum. Great meeting!
Happy Leap Day! And happy birthday to all those young "leaplings!" We hope you will all join us at our Leap Year Party at Joe Jost's! 7PM!
I'm so bummed about #SteveJobs leaving Apple. How will Apple present successor & make him part of the brand? Bring back !!!
Rough start to a new year, keeping my head up for a better start
You can easily judge the character of a man by how he treats those who can do nothing for him.
goes to the clippers? Where good players go to die. It's been real. If anyone can turn it around its cp3...until stern changes his mind
I see you walking past my class like you own the place.
#FF Jim Crail Progressive Democratic candidate #Wisconsin Assembly in District #wi55 #Wiunion Keep his name in front twitter.
Summer associates to be: Remember senior lawyers do not want to see your work until it's your best. No "drafts"
Covered that AUDJPY short. Still think risk off in general a little ovr sold.
Got pulled over for truancy lol only reason they let me go is cause me n the officer had the same birthday smh he said "nomo hustlin" lol
OPINION: Most news orgs. .bitly articles way, way too long. Non-mobile friendly sites a bummer, too.
Not cool. RT Hey ! That Tibet commercial of yours was the most offensive thing I've seen all day!
I hate the crumbs at the bottom of cereal boxes.
One Direction Rocks!!! Like if you agree!!
Thought for the day: Don't like Banks? Join a Credit Union. Seriously.
Google "Executive orders by President" & the National Defense Resources Preparedness (Peacetime Martial Law) shows up. NOT SO MUCH!
Are you worried about financing your holiday business? Consider factoring your accounts receivable for working capital.
Not good. Papelbon gives up single to right to Upton. Now facing Longoria who has two hits including a homerun and two RBI.
I saw a guy get hit by a car, the Gophers lose, and a belly shirt at the Vegas. Good times?!
Those who hate me; wake me up. Those who love me; power me up.
Partying hard in Downtown Orlando. ALLSTAR WEEKEND IS PHENOMENAL :)
Why does everything have to involve me???
Bumper stickers at Americans for prosperity conference in Milwaukee: "cut spending now!"; Neumann for gov; Rick Santiorum q @
- The Royals are just lucky it wasn't Duncan coming at them. Way to be, Jack.
nevermind. :( it was. I swear.
Theatre to see and #ff: From our friends at , The Elephant Man at Pico Playhouse.
Only 4 days, until he's gone. Yay. :/
i read it ahaa
Nope that global warming finaly found us after a very cold ass winter.
Dinner at Alterra: $30. Fiddler on the Roof tickets: $40. Spending the evening with Miss Reckzin, Frank Abignale Jr. Style: priceless.
WV Public TV will re-air our 2005 interview with late poet laureate, Irene McKinney, this Friday at 9 pm, and Sunday at 6:30 pm.
Now developers can publish and sell their Symbolsets, fonts for GIS, symbols for applications, Styles easily.
Prime Minister of Zimbabwe is apparently in the Tribune Tower. Secret Service guys don't think my jokes are funny.
look at ur txt messages
Confucius Say Even a fish can escape being caught, if it keeps its mouth shut
Seattle is cold n rainy. uggh
yeah it was we split one together :)
life a gay boy:/
“: Who does everyone have tonight? #SuperBowl #gogiants” I hope the pats only so NY fans get to see 2 losses today
SXSW / WMC - Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.etc. hit me up
Great having the team stop by today! Really looking forward to working on some interesting projects with them in the future.
got Sunderland to finish top 10 - 100quids & 200 on #MUFC for title
Awesome sauce. Have downloaded any game apps yet?
New nomination formula, eh? They're thinking Bridemaids? Seriously?
you loved it and we all know it! ;)
Been good about not worrying this Lent (fine thru DH's campaign, money stress, etc.). But now our dog is sick. Hard not to worry.
GTL. RT : What time do you think Rep. John Boehner got his spray tan today?
It's here!!! Come see #TheLittleBlackTruck at #SactoMoFo!! We are here from 11-6 today!!!
Your very welcome! Where you from bro? :)
People who hate you when they don't even know you
As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it. ~Buddy Hackett
don't forget equal parts white vinegar to your baking soda!
glad to be part of the many fans of what is a great show.
get your WMC withdrawals taken care of right now! Some deep techno on Bassment Sessions!
believe me your #MorningDevotion hit me in the throat because everything you said was true!
omfg today in english this guy had a ghost tracker and the red dot means it's strong and their were two of them lmfao it was so funny tho.
Not a proving ground, an example how Liberlaism will ruin a state. Illegals still make up a large portion of the pop in Cali.
My life sucks! can you cheer me up? Plz
If Nash took a paycut & joined with the Heat...that would be sick. Definite Championship caliber. #HaveToWait&See
Tell us your story idea about collecting for the 2/25 American Craft Council show @ the Convention Center.
Check out ASG president ethics tomorrow in Star opinions section. It's a glorious day to be a Bobcat.
lol why we gotta shut up
I might have a couch available :)
thanks so much :-)
McDonnell repealed law of 'just' one gun a month despite deep dismay by survivors of VATech shooting. What good have guns ever done?
then are you stoked for star wars kinect? Looks really fun
It's not just cable/satellite. I get over the air and I can't see 2, 6 or 8. I want the music awards!
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 12
Love me but don't smother me. I can't grow in the shade.
Tyra's the only one out of everyone I know, that's read it, that likes Will
Down like Charlie Brown :-)
BTW, love the infographic-ized resume you have linked from your Twitter profile. ^AW
I was inspired this morning by your #ASTD2012 presentation with on using games to engage learners. Outstanding!
“: *switches to NASCAR*” haha so true!
Hope you are having a blessed Tuesday as well!!! Xo
Is Chris the Turtle of your Entourage?
Lmao..did my lawyer seriously post: sex is not as good in prison add (I love him) lol y'all need to add him
Congratulations to Kenny Ross of Hensley, AR! He was the winner in our free strap giveaway. Thanks to all who entered. New contest soon!!
I'm that guy
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Call me bruh
I'm happy when i see you online on facebook, so i know you don't hang up with any other girls (; :D LOL
hopefully liverpool's loss doesn't reflect my nyssma grade..
*Drops Jaw*
Thanks & for retweeting about the Anderson, IN concert! We can't wait to see you there!!
WTR TV tonight ch218 time warner the village 7pm NOW!
Pub Crawlin' around
same here. When I go I just want to sit and gaze all day and night. Hard to pick what's more beautiful: sunset or sunrise.
He did the Buffy TV show. RT : I don't really know who this Joss person is but I loved his take on The #Avengers!
why am i so hungry this morning. ah, yes, it is because i have leftover waiting for me for lunch.
That dude Chase Carraro killing It for Denver.
Oh... yes! Tara snagged that one!
"sometimes lipstick solves everything" thanks to Shauna Curtis for the reminder, so true!
My mother always whispers words like "birth control" and "tampons"
you going to wear a sombrero this year?
So, McCarver's a clown, BUT couldn't idea that climate change added to the late 90's offensive boom have SOME merit? Balls travel [cont'd]
Oh shnap! Yep see you there.
I am excited to go to work today to brag about the Panthers outstanding victory! Teammates have given me a hard time for the past two weeks
RT : My roommate to me this morning: "Ezra, normally when people talk about having a 'big stack' they mean money, not books."
30% of adults are "Achievers" - see characteristics in Post-Conventional workshop #CLOsym - what implications for learning?? your thoughts?
Doing Great! It was fun! Thanks for the kind thought!
Why though? If u werent going to love me for real why we're you win my mom I the first place?
New artwork is up! This can only mean one thing......another huge art show by curator, Guy Lombardo. Check our event calender for details.
Are you and McCabe going to be at the Diamondbacks Fan-Fest on Saturday? I am heading down to see it.
Classes end at 10pm on May 17th and final exams end May 25th. Happy studying!
Is getting a full-body massage as enjoyable as GIVING one??
you got it!! we have your back! =]
All I have within me, I give You praise. All that I adore is in You. Lord I give you my heart, I give you my soul. I live for you alone!
you got it babe :)
Until You by Billy Currington >>>>
I love Don Trip music!!
Good morning world. :D
barely talk to you now
PR Reunion sounds awesome! Count me in!
A common theme among companies @ #HCM2012: 30% of leaders eligible 2 retire w/in 5 yrs. Got 2 capture/transfer that knowledge now!
So great to see everyone tonight! I think a holiday get-together is definitely due!
i wanna see EVERYBODY
so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small.
Christopher in trouble
That moment in life where your body is completely numb and you don't feel like moving. <3
I could see niall and the potatoes. Lol :-)
I already got my workout in today sister! But I might can handle one of your 5 minute workouts :) haha!
It's Cold In This Housee .
test the market by throwing it into a upscale burb. Expand into the city after? Either way I'm blocks away from C-Hill come June!
DID YOU KNOW? The Dead Sea Scrolls are, for the most part, written in Hebrew. Some fragments are in Aramaic.
metal allergy, you'll have to wear 18k gold. oh no.
ideas An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy to be called an idea at all. Elbert Hubbard
Checking in @ LAX. Off to The Big Easy!
You make it easier when life gets hard
I was (no joke) thinking the same thing! Lets do it <3
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want.
That awkward moment when your little brother has a girl friend and your still single..
Yeah! :-/ Omfg, the hacker did show a pic of horrible photos -_-
Good morning Louisville! Who's ready for some basketball!!???
Orlando Magic and Golden State gettin it in!
Good morning, all. And happy Friday! Busy day today. Hope you're shaping the day you want to have.
love my buddy Uly. Can't wait to see him solve some math problems monday.
Pizza curtains? Pizza curtains!!! Well done
Every year, 1.5 million barrels of oil are used to make plastic bottles consumed in the U.S., plus fuel for transport.
I'll kick back 15 cents to Rachael. does that work for you Rachael?
Yes, our handle is missing an "R". It's because some jackass, who doesn't even tweet, got the handle before us. I'm issuing a fatwa on him
I'm playing softball - last inning... NEED a THE VOICE update?!?
GO PACK GO.
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS), can be decreased with massage...
Happy New Year! Hope everyone has a "killer" year!
I meant Now to bed hahahah yeah yeah I'm Swedish nite nite
#CantWait,come on 8am! Ill be in North #Miami on set filming a #wrestling based commercial! Money Money #Money!
hi five! :-) I'm about to start my cleanse Sunday.
Even got a joke in on my weight yesterday. I held my tongue tho. 
States Diverting Mortgage Settlement Money to Other Uses Some states are diverting their share of a $2.5 billion they were awarded in a m
Getting into TIGERLILY'S ORCHIDS by my long-time fave Ruth Rendell.
I know :). Thanks for all the excellent thoughts. Really appreciate them.
Triple X
Preschool zoo field trip :))
About to hit up south beach
My family's so awesome, we watch Christmas movies all year long #fromatreehouse?
Oh ...we can't stay mad at you. <3 <3 <3 Thanks for the Alec Baldwin thing.
please #followmefunnymatt you are amazingly funny
": Rev Jackson agrees that it's sad to see people using scripture to defend inequality, including on an issue like marriage equality."
oh, someone just moved..now someones about 45 mins away from me(;
pretty good
Something seems wrong when the prisoner bus is driving around with inmates and an open door. And continually stopping at traffic lights.
show em who's boss behind the camera lens
haha...love those sandals. I think everyone at EL had them.
#Reddit gets the news out faster than CNN too
"security through obscurity is problematic" #mdl11 from Eric Celeste
signed some titties last night. now officially rockstars.
I feel as if would approve.
thanks for the retweet. How is life treating you?
New parking signs may be up by the holiday season pending recommendation from DELDOT
trying real hard to get put on the train
Aw thanks. (: I have like 0 friends there though. :(
This is why I don't trust anyone.
Isn't that LAX?
Give him KO of the night, Anybody who Mentions Pizza and Ice Cream in the Post Fight Interview is a Hero in my Book
Any Vicodin left?
so it's been a month since I've dated this boy....yet he hasn't texted me in two days. I'm not clingy or anything, but really?....
I could live with both of those no problem. I really just want the best option for low light stills.
Countdown to the #worldcup final. Spain vs Netherlands, gotta love this football matchup!
um ok.
Good tip for showing off shelter cats: ferret & rabbit harnesses can be easier & less stressful to use on cats than cat harnesses.
G o o d n i g h t <3 Don't forget to say your prayers !
My birthdays in 20 days :)
how does someone LOVE social media, tweet 26 times and have 3,672 followers? hm
Jets bitching against each other - not sure how that helps !
Hello everybody I am killing this twitter account for the most part. Follow me
hello here in Italy is 2:42 pm but I would like them to be in los angeles <3
Might be playing some basketball tomorrow ...
#Appreciation to @ Cathie_amdg for recent Twitter Love!
My condolences for being ill & tired. I may end up sacking out early myself, even though little guy just woke up. Need Plot.
summer bunnies drive me crazy! you look real good with them 'dukes on baby!
Reading a textbook.... the fun friday night of a #libraryschool student.
RT : Congrats to my boy to representing dudes that are faithful to their wives,God & who love their kids!
Get your spook on at Buddha Bar tonight! Think you got the best costume? Prove it ! You could win a free bottle of Dom Perignon!
Librarians help you improve the value of your question - not retrieving content -
slamming - the new single love it
90 mins into the show & we get DLR solo plucking a guitar while telling stories about his sheep & cattle dogs as an intro to Ice Cream Man
oh my goodness.... Lol goodnight Liz :)
Web-Site has been updated, however still in construction so keep checking back for new offers!
will do! definitely leaning toward the plain shoe option.
i kno! cant wait. when in june?
Awesome! RT Buy any 3 drinks anytime this week and get 1 free drink! Make sure you register your LoyalTea card.
I've been camping for a week now back on twitter, what's new?
Napping is the best feelingg
I find this marijuana thing so interesting! I truly believe the drug companies keep mj down not morality (and I don't smoke it)
You can’t go wrong when you love others. When you add up everything in the law code, the sum total is love. -Romans 13:10, The Message
Panera? Yes please and thank you
Do YOU have your ticket for the 14th Annual Auction yet?!?! Its May 19th!!...Call 256-7863 for info and to get tix!
What's going on? What's going on????
I had the honor & pleasure of meeting Susan Taylor in DC many years ago at one of her book signings. She read my Spirit.
All of Blazer Nation eagerly anticipates your return, LA. Just don't rush back too soon and make the injury more serious.
Don't find fault. Find a remedy. ~Henry Ford
LOL ...... is singing the 'Wonder Pets' theme song in the shower ...
Anyone is Psanderette here? RT this(;
Two students have now told me they intended to skip my class, but forgot because it was so much fun. This may beat 'LEGIT' as feedback.
thanks for the welcome, we're looking forward to it!
Your pics are genius but please stop, I'm dying of laughter!
Your Daily Sketch Writing Inspiration: Seriously, guys I was just about to tweet the YDSWI when a butterfly land on my hoodie!!!! FOR REALS
we can still meet for coffee sometime.
In #Akron tonight for a 50th anniversary party!
send me the pics from the concert Foo!
Thanks for helping us break 14K Likes!
I should of down right slapped the white off him. Disrespectful fuck.
Downside is you gotta pay for it. :)
Danica Patrick is guaranteed a starting spot in the Daytona 500 and will keep her No. 10 GoDaddy car on for most of the Sprint Cup schedule.
ohh cool! Hows hospital duty? Can you take care of me now!? I still need a cute nurse to take care of me!
lol, there will b a new winner this year since the last 5yrs. Gone & take that crown clige & company!
#Sagittarius where MB will take you on your birthday: a private movie screening
Ty Lawson's sister gave me a bj in high scjoll
You call your wife 'Puppy'? :) Funny--I call my husband that! (or Pup, Puppers...)
Boy, do I envy talented graphic designers...
the awkward moment when...screw you haha :)
Please follow me(:
Ok, I’ll let you put my sand in your toes if promise to properly dispose of your cans when you’re done :)
I want to meet him
i miss u baby long time no talk
Shut up! :P I'll push your ass off.
. sweet! Can't wait to see it. Glad the reviews are mostly positive.
How long are delays on the Red Line?
The newly renovated Mays High School.
is a loser and can't stay up past 10 pm.
been hot here too high 92 sent you a Dm.
Unfortunately some do ": Do "Dear John" letters come in the form of a text??"
you should post more songs/covers on youtube!
If you want or like to party in Vegas, get at me!
M83 - "Reunion" Trust me :)
awww u will find u d perfect boy one day dont worry ;)
Need any design work hit me up!
oh sorry!! I will give it to you when he's finished :)
Sipping at home. I just ran out of Mezcal and switched to Tequila. I'm not sipping anymore.
Good time at the book festival, though way too hot and I missed the author I went to see. Laura Bush, where were you?
My phone died and deleted what I was writing :( ll finish tomorrow goodnight:)
I like the product that arrived in my mailbox yesterday
Headed to #AG20 hoping to meet folks interested in regional food systems and #grassfed beef! Should be a great conference!
Mr. Do you have any advice on hiring web programmers/designers that won't steal my idea?!?!
I wonder if that new announcer at #CamdenYards is the reason why the #Orioles are #1st place team. Its gotta be great announcing
Joe Girardi doesn't seem so desperate to save his job with pitching AJ in Game 4. Thoughts?
shoutout to , you should follow him! :)
Another event-filled weekend in Boston. Great people doing great things. Who will I run into this week?
Oh, that's wonderful! I'm way South here. Everything bloomed, then it got hot: ninety degrees! Cool now, tho. Frost 2nite!
Now tweeting from my Kindle Fire.
Actually we're out of space on the tour! But thanks for the promo.
too early for these jokes. wow!!!!!!( u are funny)
I just made that US History test MY BITCH
hope to see you both there! ;-) there is also the Apple Scrapple festival in DE in the fall!
True, evidence should come forward. Big truth, this wasn't even going to be investigated in the first place until outcry!
This is amazing.
So my birthday party started 30 mins ago and I'm the only one here so far.
So did the Black Sabbath reunion end up being true or a rumor?
Wow... Florida is humid! Desert heat is way better! You actually dry off after a shower. Lol.
I literally had the most amazing chicken kabob for dinner tonight in Tajrish square in Tehran. OMFG. WTF was that?!?
HPU why haven't you called me back yet? Can't you see I want you!
iced honey buns are so good!!!!
Where do one legged girls work?.. Ihop hahaha 😜
Stay Positive!!
#Boston-area #UConn alums: Hope you're Saving the Date for our game on 2/7. 2 other dates to save: 2/16, 2/28. Announcements soon!
so i see
Did you know the retina in your eye contains two types of cells? They are called Rods and Cones.
Now I am back to hating Clint Barmes.
And organizing a hackathon of our own for cultural data later this year w/ civic tech community in Chi.
maybe we should have stayed and just switched dorms lol.
Check out this incredible band for #MusicMonday and listen to Life After Liftoff's "Someday" www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZmEjJF7DxU
If you need answers ask questions
In case it helps, I'm not having any link problems with the links you tweeted out. :-)
MDAT proposal: Up tolls on Harbor crossings 10/1 to $6 round trip from $4 now (charged one-way both directions).
your welcome
is AJ the odd man out, or does he replace Noesi in the bullpen.
curious about route that side. From train station? Hoping 2 do 1st relaxed ride to Nyack of season next WE if u want to join.
We really live in an under-educated and unconcerned society. It worries me. Haha. No, really.
ha, still don't get the problem... =)>
lmao. I'm so slow.. I was sittin here like WTh is he talkin bout! *dumbface*
Last night I sang the high F above the staff. It was an easy awesome feeling. Cheers to learning!
it was good seeing you the other day! I love your store and will definitely be back to buy some more stuff :)
is my inspiration.....just thank u. love u.
oh you're the future of the economy? HERE'S SOME MASSIVE PERSONAL DEBT! YAAAAAAAAAAAY *kills self* and you wonder why we don't buy houses
hey! bring yo comp next time you come ova. bizsnatch.
Happy Birthday, ! This time tomorrow, we'll be partying too hard!
haha thanks for calling me a bitch, really nice of you.
Just left video shoot. S/o to Video Sick. Move wit us or Move ova
Stargazing: Smith staying at 'Downton Abbey'; Brangelina engaged; tats right - Bellingham Herald
I'm glad I don't live anywhere near him, the temptation would be too much
Try Sea Change by Aimee Friedman.
On the come up
Not sure if Saks was the best fit for this TV show. IJS...
Thinkin about the shit I need to do before I leave Wed. Nails, hair, massage, laundry, wax, pack.. Egh! Seems like this list will never end!
More Chris Rock please!
Best advice on bldg empathy I've seen-chap 9, Buddha's Brain, Hanson & Mendius.
follow me:) I love You.. ♥
Funniest work email I've gotten ever. Can't believe this guy sent it to the whole company.
Today's the day all my friends travel the globe and I weep. France, Prague, China, etc. I can't wait another month! :(
Grilling watermelon, caesar salad after purveying farmers market behind swapmeet: Asian, Mexican and Georgia growers share their bounty.
Barça 3-1 over AC Milan to make 5th consecutive Champions League final four.
Sounds great! Send the information across. Thanks David!
Thanks for the heads up.
I was rooting for Joshua.His voice was amazing....but I guess I will have to settle for jessica bcuz Phillip is boring to me
pumped to start shooting ON THA GRIND!
Man shit please people if u look like hell put on a shirt, it is not that hot out..:-) :-)
jammin on the way to pepper pod with some bros :)
So proud of and all his hard work in rehab. Today he took his first *assisted* steps!
we'd love to if we can!
U.S. Open entry deadline is today. Decisions, decisions......
Wow. Our tax situation kind of sucks this year. Need to do a better job balancing it out next year.
Id rather not listen to how hot you think some girl is
Paul McCartney's new album is getting me through this paper. He still got it
Grilled chicken!!! New grill seasoning mix ;)
Bout to hit up the pool with my girls!!
thanks!! Go black and gold!
Yesterday was the 97th 35-5-5 gm of LeBron's career, tops among active players. (Kobe has 78, T-Mac 63, Wade 39.)
Thanks! :) Happy Mother's Day!!
I tried for 3 fucking days to vote asshole
how much is it pick up items on trash day?
Thanks to all for welcoming us home. It was a great adventure and we're so glad you came along with us.
Sierra Club is presenting district maps to the Commission
thanks for re-tweeting my column... It was just the start of my Car Culture commentary
T2: Started bc I love to write, but I soon realized exactly WHAT it was I needed to be blogging about -
I can't connect to xbl for some reason this shit gay
ouh guys i cant sleep ../:
don't flatter yourself. Lol.
The fence is dedicated to Dick Block. Life= made
Cohen: Norms are behavior shapers. It's unreasonable 2 expect changes unless we focus on change in cmty.
RT : BREAKING: Joey Crawford's referee crew has been fired for violating #NBA policy by allowing the #Heat to lose
I want to be the best Claire Norris that ever lived :)
if this isn't a joke we should talk.
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
I'll take it as you didn't run into any thugs. Or get mugged hahaha.
I Understand you are trying to be different but tone it down a bit
Busy bees. End of May 23rd through June 1st? I'd just like an idea, really. By the way, may I ask who I'm talking to right now?
Every thug needs a lady
Have the weekend off. Who wants to hang?
The Brits are more progressive than the Americans, cos we have TV presenters & they have TV pastors
drum set in the living room? not sure this is going to work? oh, okay just put it next to the marimba
that's easy. Get them hooked now as well! :D
There's a good chance that I'm still drunk... Thanks to for a fun night out!! :-)
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "all my money is in my savings and i had to transfer it to my checking but it takes a few days"
Stupid fire alarms.
FRACK!! The dog let the cat out. Don't ask. Just don't ask...
Just finished 's new zombie novel ZONE ONE for a review I'm writing for the Wall Street Journal. You?
on tv vlad looked confused by the cure ball
Saving the PC world . . . curing one computer virus at a time!
Go Irish! Go #rva! RT : #rva native Will Hudgins (Tucker HS) was named Big East Pitcher of the Week yesterday. Congrats, !
gotcha I will let you know when there coming
think he can use the Dave Amos excuse?!
please do share!
Tomorrow is gonna be an exhausting day:/
History Making Tell-All Documentary Top Priority: The Terror Within To Debut May 2012
too late.
Fuck you mom your an asshole.
THINGS YOU SHOULDNT DO Never disrespect your women! Retweet if you believe me!!
Also, congratulations on graduating! :)
It was good. I wish I could have attended the one by Attack Theater, which was at the same time. I heard that was excellent.
Check out the new pics of Osso Clothing in The Parlor on Facebook and go to the blog for the full story!
Mahalo! You too!
Finally experienced first-hand the glory that is Blacksauce biscuits. Everything said is true.
on TV?! #Awesome Congrats!
Don't understand ppl who threaten to unfollow major celebrities like and
Yeah, but reading the news each day, it's a new team he's going to. #sharks this morning but by afternoon who knows?
the monitors have estranged on them "when I find out all the reasons..."
Mitt could try: "Love is a many gendered thing"
Of course, Jimmy! Have you been a guest on any other podcasts?! There's always a seat open for the hometown marmot.
The are proud to be the first live event to earn the coveted winner’s seal from Parent Tested, Parent Approved (). Congrats!
UNDERSTANDING YOUR SOUL PURPOSE - SPIRITUAL ASTROLOGY Tonight, 7:30 - 9pm The Psychic Eye 818-906-8263 Class overview, bring ur natal chart!
how do I get the install kit?
“: Winners accept responsibility and achieve results. Losers blame others for their own failures.” LOVE THIS!!
Well yeah... Sabrina and I would kick it out in the streets if it didn't like
today kinda blows.
um, let's all sit here and wait until we can leave this teacher had a break down or something
My first time experiencing the start of a new semester here at UNC Charlotte. LOTS of students in the library. I'm impressed!
Thanx for the add. hopefully we can work together in the near future.. Stay in touch.Peace & blessings
FUN follow me please
Reading FALLING LEAVES: THE TRUE STORY OF AN UNWANTED CHINESE DAUGHTER for book group & finding it a mixed bag.
you took me out your bio first kid so why would I keep you in mine.
✰ #OnlineBusiness Tip: Create a tagline or slogan that is catchy and describes your business.
Playing small ball over always trying to hit a home run is the way go, for you have a 98% better chance of winning! Go with the odds!
have to go Dutch today, in Belgium….
happy one to u..always a pleasure!! Need to chill for real!!
Sleep tight > RT : Time to get my beauty rest & prepare my liver for tomorrow :)
of course but u would be a homie not a hoe lol hahaha
One of my students showed up with a printed model from his new home 3d printer. . . so cool. He's just gonna teach himself 3d cad.
Making a 2 hour trip to eat with Mom tomorrow...but she did carry me for 9 months. It's the least I can do. :P
US media disinterest in foreign news sadly reflects citizens disinterest in foreign news.
I don't drink beer and I am a Chicago Bears fan. Now do you guys understand why I had to leave WI? C'mon Chicago!!! 1st and goal at the 5!
It feels really good to be back in America, even though the weather and food are way worse.
Correction - #StoudDay is today!
Lunch patio open busy day. Summer smells creeping through the air love Milwaukee
Follow me I follow you back
Day before the start of our next training cycle. So much to do!
isint AT&T lte larger right now. Also it'll fall back to hspa+ right? I haven't even seen a new iPad.
The nigga who draws I'd eat just hit me up..laaawwwd take me now !!!
Thinking About You.. Frank Ocean
I swear I'm always re-doing my tweets because of stupid autocorrect
i want be your dog sitter aw :DD
hey Mike!
Great job!
Check out www.twistaid.com! We make opening water bottles easy!
Jared Sullinger gets himself into trouble on Twitter. He really doesn't know LeBron is a touchy subject with Ohioans?
There's daggers in men's smiles. - William Shakespeare
Jealous of the girls in RNG . BAILEY<3
an a list event crowd at #teawithE tomorrow! XOXO
Saga's great!
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning. Stop with the crazy noises. I need sleep.
HUngry for some McDonalds!!!!!!!
No !!! “: New York Giants topple the SF 20-17 in OT for the NFC title. ”
Ehhh different type of shows
Researching a story and now the internet thinks I'm gay, which is fine, but. I miss the ads for motorcycle helmets
I love and miss you too!! And everythings fine how are you? You should text me sometime! :)
Hey guys!:)
it's stupid. i hate spammers.
I feel bad for the IT folks at Comcast. I've a feeling it's a pretty major issue. Keep calm and carry on, folks.
Good , I was worried for a moment there! Jk take lots 'o pics!
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.
Friday Family Safety Tip: "Keep the oven door shut while cooking. Each time you open the oven the temperature decreases 25-75°"
Amazing (not in a good way) when all the end-of-semester lies and shenanigans come from ONE STUDENT.
OH SWEET BABY JESUS..... Vinny....your killing me! (;
yikes! Bring you bagels Saturday morning?
Who's gonna go see Avengers at 1030 with me? Speak up now so I don't gave to go alone.haha
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy? I'm done with them.... can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
Editor spending the day co-working w/ Best part so far is bluegrass music & coffee from
hit my boost G
"and I love to spend the night"
Impossible, wrong day :)
I'm just leave this alone I'm annoyed
ha....ha.... you think you funny huh lol
If people want to change, they will. In case they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
Lmao watching Malibu's most wanted
America going down the tubes.
you should check it out. You ever been? Fall is the perfect time, it's a pretty amazing site.
My sister is tryna be italian lol ;p
I don't think anyone feels the way I do about you now
Big Sky leaders face off
Gotta get my Tequila from and house
It's like Romeo and Juliet, hot sex..
Come 4 the #Carmel Farmers Market Saturday Morning & stay 4 the International Arts Festival. The Market is open until the end of October.
just unlocked a deal...nice feature...keep up the good work...
Dreams last night: watched Japanese porn with the bf's brother & someone came into the library with a bomb. #WTF is up with my subconscious
Going to sleep. Goodnight!
Don't get it twisted I'd like to have someone. I don't need someone.
Hi-Rez dropped The Window today, he's gonna blow up from this. I'm releasing my freeEP Here To Stay on May 26, hoping to do the saaameeee
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo , IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, WHY SHOULD ANYBODY ELSE
what I want to know is how you were in target without being mobbed! Cool pic though. Haha
Change your password... It's still happening or just start over... Thanks
HAPPY FANS!
#Weallhavetried jerking off and choking ourselves....but we can breathe a lil once we start going fast.....we all tried that right?
they're free, and go on the X-Factor website.
I'm sure you'll look phenomenal. Plz send a full body pic
Tweet at us your best ideas for a Mifflin Street Block Party Themes
you're most welcome!! We're all family, after all. Looking forward to the next time :-)
The Mavs are going ALL the way! And oh yeah, Dirk is the MAN!!!
haha yea we all got em around the same time a few years back
Easiest 3 steps to gain :1) follow ) follow me, 3) RT this
my older brother is a morgan alum.
yeah jim carrey is pretty good in that movie
Because watercolor actually moves on the paper, it is the most active of all mediums, almost a performance art. (Nita Engle)
new username
I want to be a transformer
♪ Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone ♪ F**k You by Lily Allen
Love this!!! That made my afternoon.
you should play me on Draw Something.. I'm tay23_
More #Fridayreads - Words to EAt By: Five Foods and the culinary History of the English Language by Ira Lipkowitz
I'm officially unfollowing all the people that are asking people to follow them.
sing it gal!
bold statement by the little bro!
Talking bout Grandpa Fred.Ask if he wants a banana.He eats imaginary bananas, says"I thought it would be under the bed & over with by now."
night everyone
Sad day, although I know where your soul lie, there will not be a final good bye, B'cuz I know where your soul fly's R.I.Heaven
Do not understand how #archives can get away w record descriptions WITHOUT A DATE! Really? Not even circa, century?
my hair needs to be a lot longer, and it has to be when im ready to lose all of my hair cause I'll have to shave them off. :P
Thanks for the follow. We'd love for you guys to come and do a Kink Live shoot at FetFest2012 and recruit some new models!
same with my brother, he doesnt like to hangout with friends he just like to stay here and bother me :(
Damn it's humid!
Hey Dear, yes!!:) I can't stop eating it... I put it omn everything now..:) How are you?
I think I've found both my new life goal & first Kickstarter idea.
Noah's out here on a bad ankle. So NBA players have no heart? Huh?
Mothers Day's coming up & the ideal gift is a well deserved mom-trip! Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
took me a half second to guess your email to invite you lol.
awh thanks so much :)
Even Santa has an iPhone lol. Love that commercial....
Don't ever lie to my face!
Awww that made me smile:).RT : I've been listening to Marvin Gaye since I was little with my dad and I still love him.
Forward together.
That's pretty cool you get to do it in gym though...beats other boring workouts.
Sometimes I wonder if it's possible to fail. Do people ever get bad grades? They should or else effort is pointless
Did you know that Colorado has the highest mean altitude of all the states? "Rocky mountain high!"
Only 10 scenes away from the first rough cut of the entire movie!
Dear chocolate fountain, I LOVE you! ;) marry me?
Make it nasty
it was xD hahaa gotta love Tim Burton and Johnny Depp! Lol
Help us settle a debate, Which is better #newyork style or #chicago style pizza?
RT CONTRIBUTION: a very important word to the success of any organization. Each person shud ask: what am I truly contributing
S/o too my bestie in tha whole wide world . Imiss&loveyu
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am. Fuck it. At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
I Wonder Why People Make Fake Celeb Pages On Twitter Just Be Yourself And People Will Like You........... Thank Yahh
Going to Lucy Lippard lecture at tonight.
Matt, there is a Shoney's in Caryville in La Follette just over the Jelico Mountain. Rhonda and I ate there two weeks ago.
I cld go on & on abt this. Prob is women nervous at thought of being 'experts'. W/PIN, can be themselves.
Just got back up and finally headaches gone!
The last day I have to wake up early :3
Funny how you think this drama affects me haha u dont see me sittin in a corner cryin no im the mature one bein me and movin on
Maydays tour dates making me want to commit
I hate when I dont know hpw another person feels..
8o RT will our planted mole come through tonight?
thanks man!
Enjoying a night for their fundraising extravaganza! Can't decide on what to bid on.
M... Zinc has delicious fishes...
Track workout today: 7 min mile warm-up. 8x200m at :33 with 1 min rest between. Mile cool down.
Why do people insist on telling you to "stick to football" every time you post on another sport? Post away, Peter
Ah, Brian Eno, Land of the Minotaur. Thanks, You Tube. ;-)
Lord Almighty God, I am yours to do with today as you wish. Only please grant me courage.
Looks like has a copy of Picturing Personhood, which I saw listed on your Good Reads page. Can't wait to read it.
RT : CANNOT put down #MyTwoMoms by . If you haven't heard of him already, you will soon!
Idk If Its Just Me , But Some Ppl Be Gettin Old To Quick ..
Music I love it so I tell my flow. Got my
&& did just text you hoe .
❒ Single ❒ Taken ✔ Metally dating my crush.
UGH!!!! FOURTH TIME FOR THE GEICO COMMERCIAL!! ENOUGH ALREADY!!!!
On many levels, yes. Data models may or not be as complex, but render-ability over time huge issue for both worlds
“: I FUCKING LOVE MUSIC!!! yes im yelling it. sorry.” I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!
Could ask you a question & could I ask for a follow?
I was suppose to go back to my granny's -_-.
Workies then school blah
IF YOU DON'T GET A REPLY WITHIN 10 BIZ DAYS THEN UNDERSTAND WE'VE DECIDED TO KEEP LOOKING! WE ENCOURAGE EVERYONE'S EFFORT A 100% or NOTHING!
Ugh this is not how I wanted to spend Valentines Day.
I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul. ~ Phil Jackson
oh Lordy, I'm not ready for that yet
#MMWordAssociation Ron Burgundy = Glass Case Of Emotion
u wish hoe
Glass is so very important, I just can't put a cheep filter over an L series lens. I rarely use UV either. Light is so key.
i know a kickass project manager interested in gaming/web gaming/mobile if someone is hiring, this person is AWESOME. dm me for deets.
I like imagining that it's not the real handbook, but is just a recruiting tactic.
they playing against the vikings.
Ate way too many Popsicles which resulted in a very upset stomach and 2 plastic cuts on my lip =/
#BeastieBoysmemories needs 2 trend / we all have tons of things we did after seen what kinda of kick aas stuff they did
a foodie's fling...pop-up dinner tonight. Find out about this latest dinning experience on 9News at 4pm
I must be a magnet for the needy...here we go again
Don't worry dude, we just gotta fight it with... COFFEE
Many thanks for the RT!
OH WELL HELLO THERE RAMON.
A team already drowned is not troubled by the rain.
You simply paint Cubans with too broad a brush. A defender of LGBT rights should know better.
Tonight's meeting moved to Frontier since Winning closes early this week. See you there!
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
Do it!
Common at louis at Fontainebleu tonight
It's 12 midnight in Fort Worth, Texas. Sleep well rodeo riders, pick-up truck drivers and hard working people everywhere.
Checking out Tim Hagans "The Moon is Waiting" Tim is a monster & Vic Juris shines! Tasty Rufus Reid and Jukkis Uotila? Well worth a listen.
Anyone read any good books lately?
I think my fakee crying baby died ;O
I've decided to stop spending money at any business that posts motivational quotes prominently
Invited parents for Xmas bkfst as usual; Mom said "I'm surprised" Why? "B/c u no longer eat meat" What does she think #vegan means? No Xmas?
"Lord I did all these great works in your name!" & He will say depart from me you worker of iniquity, I never knew you. Works can't save you
Congrats - a $10 driving credit is yours!
hey baltimore and are you ready for some Skeeball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
": When girls rather call you than text you"
Rhetorical inquiry: Do you work for a living or, live to work?
Love this ampersand list!! Thanks for sharing.
it'll be later, but not that late.
Just want to say that Southwest Archaeology Today will be Maya-2012-doom free for the entirety of this happy new year.
hey you. follow . she follows back. :D
Sweetie, if you can't walk in them... don't wear babe.
Guru Guidance tonite! For the potential mentees out there my specialties are InDesign, networking, and starting your own business. Pick me!
looking forward to that, see you there :)
Yay! is on twitter!
": It's really inconvenient that I don't have a car." In my case, liscense/car.....
Wow. RIP "All My Children" and "One Life to Live." I've learned so much and made so many friends working on both shows. Will miss :(
AYO to all my loyal followers follow my bro and his girl FOR THE HOTTEST TWETTS!!!!
everyone needs to check out the this article.
I haven't watched the since they had , now they have Mike Trout, that *seems* like a downgrade
If your luking at dis go ta bed
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor. Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle. Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together
Yo nerd alert table left.
What business?
coming tomorrow: a sneak peek of some of the amazing originals that will be in our booth during the Affordable Art Fair!
thought moving to Denver meant no Eric Elkins in your life? You're wrong! My author twin lives there.
Mandatory dance meeting my ass
yeah she is pretty good at that. She is just kinda copying alice cooper. But who doesn't?
Learn why SMO should be part of an overall SEO strategy (SEO + SMO = Amplified Findability in the traditional and social web)
Calling it a night all sweet dreams :)
You're the one who's been missing out on my brilliant tweets.
Just walked in. Laying on my couch. Good morning!
If ur thinking about someone else other than the person you're with you shouldn't be in a relationship then
cant wait to go home next week.
you and the all caps lol...
Friday's edition of GhostWalk was a "haunting good time!" Tours continue 2nite starting at 6:30 p.m. Call 317-873-4900 for tix!
I mean if there are 8 fac half won't talk to each other/some may not serve on committees with certain other fac
Doug LaFollette joining Mitchell in show of support.
To I really appreciated Kordell's honesty today. Tell him that. Thanks.
LA Business Journal's best selling issue of the year featuring the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos will be on sale at your local newsstand 5/16.
can't follow anybody else on this one #idk it's liked i haven't saw you in my #tl ma
Did u know that 405 years ago today in 1607 VA Company explorers landed at Jamestown to establish America’s first permanent English colony?
i know its late, but how is it that "the guard" isn't nominated for best picture or brendan gleeson for best actor. best movie of the year.
That's crap. If anything, they should be taking care of you and your family still. Party suite, anybody?
Follow me backk please makke my whole life .;s <3
#GOA2011 RT : Word is #fespaamericas is going great. Can't wait to get the report on Monday from our team attending the show
If you're going to tell me you hate me one day, at least live up to it. Don't act like we're bestfriends the next.
I voted for London. There's a lot of Mahomies. (:
Whatcha doin in the #757???RT : I'll be in Norfolk in less than a hour, first person I'm asking about is lol
I *loved* Portugal, highly suggest going. I started in Lisbon and went north to Coimbra and Porto.
My wife is making me relax tonight by taking me to dinner and a movie.
Dear guy spamming one of my online contests: the email prefix "slipperypete" totally doesn't make you look a guy who spams online contests.
Library Legislative Day! FLA honors Secretary of State Kurt Browning. Advocates visiting legislators. We support libraries & MLCs!
..And when I am honest I am automatically humble. ~Hugh Prather Today Is National Honesty Day
I love you, but your iPad app is bringing me down.
I'm feeling pong tonight I'm still undefeated lol
pretty good pretty good can't wait until summer (: kinda :I
Gotta say: 23-18 at halftime is one reason I can't take college basketball that seriously. Except for LIU, of course.
There are those who will run you off Twitter for saying such things! lol
#1DFaveQuote you love your friends but somebody shoulda told you somin', to save you, -
Elections? What elections? We run a Benevolent Dictatorship 'round these parts.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
School then back to bed(;
SORRY I HAVEN'T BEEN ON TWITTER GUYS! I'VE BEEN SO BUSY HELPING MY BROTHERS FIANCÉ PLAN THERE WEDDING !! so sorry /:
Thanks for the follow!
Man were the candidates ready to hear.Now I know why this team's been attacked from all sides like I've never seen! God's doing mighty work!
Tonight is sold out but there are 10 tickets left for tomorrow evening! Get them while you can.
"They should send Tim Tebow into Iran to get our drone back. With just a knife." - Rainn Wilson Agreed! -Kaci Battaglia #Tim Tebow
The risen Christ is our peace with God, our power to work, and our purpose for living. John 20:19-23
Supermarket donated 20 cases of food to us! We are giving it all away!
Karma thank u for stoppin by :)
Smarter than the average bear
My brothers username is @ bradsTOF . GO TELL HIM IM A NICE PERSON AND I DONT RUIN EVERYTHING(:
Dose anybody know who is saying bad blogs about me? If u know please please tell me
Shout Out to the team
to be honest,,for your birthday,, I'd rather #KISS your tuushy than #spank your tuushy 29 x per cheek!!
just did his thang at the laff house cnt wait til the next show!!!
Why do YOU embrace the word Ni**a/Ni**er quake?
I do, lived there for 8 years, how can I help?! Where is the conference? cc
all in tact and working I trust
you da best : )
My new gym partner :)
Happy 3rd Anniversary to HEALEO on Capitol Hill! Congrats and thank you for providing another organic healthy option to Seattleites :D
(Reflective face) MT Also most overrated RT : LBJ is the most underrated president.
Currently stressing about how to convince my sister not to put a relaxer in my 12 y/o niece's hair. Advice please?
I'm looking for volunteers for the night of the Valentine's Vampire Crawl on Feb 12th from 6pm-10:30ish. You get LOTS of free drinks. DM me.
can not connect to server when trying to login. Is there a known problem?
oh, great. the a/c at work shut off. must be after 8:00 p.m. already!
I know people are going stir-crazy, but... This all started because a guy got stuck over the curb and started clearing a little patch.
One of the most truly bizarre things I've ever seen on Twitter is happening right now at (via everyone)
iim veri relevant since u followed and tweet me first who thiirsty now biitch!
No matter who will lead the Iranian people they still will chant death to America.
Not sure why has to pay $40-million for "deceiving people" who bought toning shoes. If you were that dumb, it's your own fault.
you know it!
Rule #456 - SMELL YOUR MEAT.
yeah but I just picked up some beer and heading to a friends
Why do people send evites to someone who lives thousands of miles away? No, I won't spend $500 for a plane ticket to your one-hour party.
Conley keepin us alive right now
POWER NAP.
followed:D
was where anthro, socio, philo, psycho studies, linguistics, & lit theory together created a coherent research program. [+]
halftime. my circulatory system gets a short break
not today bro
Having my mom in town puts me in the best mood. Even when I'm working al day
I put you in my bio
Look at me now
Will do
That's the whole idea of #WaukeshaWatch. Many someones keeping tabs on Kathy Nickolaus.
i wanna blow him well he blows trees (:
Already talkin to much you got my squad homie": who we beatin on sunday????"
You're so pretty. (:
An irish dancing Miss America! I like it...
With the sting on their buts nd the shame on there shoulders frm the beating cleveland wudagave them
She was so ugly she could make a mule back away from an oat bin. ~ Will Rogers
you almost done at least?
James Lipton looks pretty good for 85 (!!!!)
My gf wants to break up wth me cse I'm rooting for #Patriots ... Silly girl
Like wisky and the under 2nite but i haven't won in a month so what the hell do i know?
#FF this guy! Great automotive news! The stuff you really wanna see!
so ridiculously excited for #edcampss tomorrow!!!! can't wait to meet and share ideas w/ others who love what they do :)
The ego resists. The soul surrenders.
What's #Pujols gonna do? Stay w/ the #Cardinals? #Marlins? #Angels? Anxious to find out!
I enjoyed that movie much more than I thought I would. Yes, Emma Stone was awesome.
All Black Everything
“: #Pacers bout to dick smack these heat dick riders.” Wana bet?
Don't forget to mention aviation. 1 RT ticket from NY to SF spews 1742 kg CO2e—same climate impact of 116 days of driving.
We are talking to Miss Black Minnesota USA coming up on the ! Happy Black History Month!
Morae and silverback usability software: new to me!
Vagina joke are not funny. Period
Awesome Career Contest happening. #Eng9 students can submit career projects and win 100.00. See me for details!
Someone's copying you in the stands gumby
We've put more effort into helping folks reach old age than into helping them enjoy it
via Bo just said he didn't call a TO because he doesn't like leaving inbounders with no timeouts.
Uh huh. Lol cause i didnt wanna trun off yalls notifications to my phone but my battery does NOT needa die lol.
Fuck, I missed it!
When we reject and deny our self and live a crucified life, we immediately have a new beginning in resurrection.
Visiting my Grandmother <3
I want one of the musicians I hate in to insult me back. That would make me laugh and like their music a little bit more.
Two thumbs up and a big thank you to Santa Anna!
I want to help you enjoy LA a little more.
Wat you doing sexy
windows open for me too, just hope the neighbors don't have a yelling match in the middle of the night.
You and me both RT : Still waiting to try one of those famous dishes by
It's not that long if you periodically get sick from your nephews' drool. Do you have nephews?
Dear developers: you're awesome please don't bury bad choices of language deep in core code where it's hard to change. kthx.
Anthony Jackson
Love this tip for parents. RT: Sometime the best way to take care of the people you love is to take care of yourself.
yes ma'am!
hats off to for enforcing a new 'healthy' standard in models. Designers, take notes!
About to check out a talk by CA poet laureate Juan Felipe Herrera
generous, authentic, cool, contemporary, heart
You and me both! Worst day for traffic accidents is the Monday after DST!
Aaron was on time at work for the first time today!!! Let's celebrate!!
Thank u so much it means alot! Im glad u like it!! :D
hahhahahha hbibe walla hahahhahah yu the only one who understand me ;) hahhah cat stop laughing
The Militant promises an ultimate #ExpoLine tour post by the time the Culver City station opens this Summer!
anyone know of a great place to have breakfast buffet in the Oceanside Area?
Feeling SuperSonic this morning..watched an amazing Sunrise. Feeling ready for a weekend filled with rock and roll and NFL P P Playoffs !
u around from 1 to 3 today?
Where is the best place for a margarita in #ABQ?
Just followed Amex - is this a good idea?
I did. Autocorrect strikes again
Bringin light-skinned cats back in style?! Lol...
Watching Judy Garland movies....I love TCM...
ps. You can follow joe
What's good in Atlanta on a Sunday?
Thanks for the follow! Knightstown, huh?
Found my keys!
Yeah, I tried that last semester too, & am def not doing that again. I was thinking of doing all classes combined in one...
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ... 😳
I would look weird tan.
RT .U can curse me if u like! I won't mind..lol.I just love u Dr Burke (via )
Text me. #MovieTime. Night night bitches.
How the #YTB Ganovia Coffee Program stands head and shoulders above all others, & the new travel program? Can you say "They told me so?"
See an awesome & terrifying speaker moment when the presenter's totally out of sync with the slides. Lightning Talks #stc12 Not naming names
yay you were my 300th follower 💙
#ThatDepressingMoment when u bend her over and the crack of her ass is ashy
A1: teams should drive engagement with fans via players and own twitter handles
And we need to have you here!! Patio's open and the weather's been gorgeous, what are you waiting for? ;)
It awesome when your iPhone headphones go through the washer and dryer and still work.
Enjoy, my friend! :)
#LetsDoThis stop lookn bck n go on wit my life cuz one monkey aint goin to stop no show
He brought me kimche from s. Korea! I'm married to an angel.
looks like I'm going to be super busy on 6/2
- showed my son this pic. He says "does that guy in the blue shirt make bad choices?" Bwahahahaha!
Fuck! I think my face burned a little -_-
Fuck it im playing women now a nigga do right shit never work*
Sounds like a plan!
“: Why are flies so FUKIN FAST?!?!” why are you so slow?
This guy will never learn...neither will his brother.
awww! thank you so much for listening to it!! aw!
Captiva's South Seas Island Resort kayaking nature tours and Sanibel Sea School must go this summer
follow him!
I used to have nothing...now I got a whole lott of everything
I want to go back for a few things i did wrong :x
RT : What a great accomplishment - SKI-U-MAH!! RT : #Gophers win 4-2. National Champions!
Your welcome! Thx for following back!
Miss Martian crazy beootch with the crazy eyes!!! And Aqualad is evil!!!
I heart you Cuddy!
When somone leaves us, don't hope & wait for them to come back, move on, feel good about yourself, & say:" I'll Be Fine Without You!".
A neutron walks into a bar and asks the bartender "how much for a drink?" The bartender says "for you, no charge."
Yes Naima you better go head and get that Burn Feeling and get that excersise!!! ;) Come back soon I miss your face...k thanks!
Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, it’s decoration. — Jeffrey Zeldman
Sushi time! ;)
what do u mean?
Not beat tryna sip then eat.
When stairs are right there, I don't walk on escalators. Granted, I'm usually carrying my bike. But still.
When someone says they have your back, it often means "turn around so I can stab you" What happened to loyalty and ethics!
what was the reason before 2010??
You may delay, but time will not. Benjamin Franklin
You know it sister. Gerry and I will be there around 10
stop touching yourself
not creepy. Would only be creepy if he picked it out for you lol
Hahaha I know right. SMH weak! Dev gets no love.
RT : If you'll only be home for Christmas in your dreams, I guess I can't count on you to help with the dishes.
Casper is darker than you are trick!!!
first of all it is stupid to think that rostra "pushes moderates away". Anyone who reads a blog like that already
BEST FRAN DAY WITH :D
Let the show begin
G. Bateson and C. Levi-Strauss grokked info theory and cybernetics early on. Good sources for crit in context of digital remediation.
always is lol!
Problems like dis can turn a girl into a pot head...Lol
Bored as hell!
hey just got back from the game. wow. w e beat detroit's asses today. sorry I saw you lost...
it would be worth it though
i love skypee:]
When? I'm down if I don't have 2 work
LAYING DOWN WATCHING PAID IN FULL B4 I TAKE THIS NAP!
Yes please! <33
was a pleasure meeting you last month when we were leaving the tech meetup. Told you I follow you on Twitter!
is going to sign up to become a Reston Runner, and prepare for the Baltimore half-marathon in October.
Recession 101: Chill (Hysteria leads to Recessions)
“: I won't give GOP or RNC one dime. The corruption runs deep.”.
Improptu Chicks In Charge lunch today @ Torrey Pines. Contact me for details!
If Tim Tebow had the numbers that Sanchez's had which improved every year U would be calling him the greatest QB ever
If ya can't take the heat get ya ass out the kitchen
Who is your favorite to listen to when it rains?
I just got in the office....I'm drinking my coffee and having my morning yogurt....you?
Being extremely picky and knowing exactly what you want means you'll go to great lengths to find things.
Leaving from hanging out in Pico Riveira.
Thanks for the heads up, Mia. Really dug that piece w/ and via
We also welcome a new visitor to wussup damie!!!
Well guess what Bitches , guess who did it , Briana Desean Little .
Hey! One guess at a time! LOL RT : ONE DIRECTION.? Justin bieber? Carli rae jepsen?
Get a nice tan and make new memories. That's all I really wanna do. This summer will be a summer to remember.
thanks healss and yes she did!
#YouveDoneItToo had a silent poot and blamed it on someone else.
down the street from where i live
lolol I thought so but I wasnt sure! Thank you tho :]
Yes! Let's hope Obamacare is repealed.
Great deals in our yellow coupon book, 'sclosethawaii, 15% off entire purchase of $50 or more, , two for1 smoothies.
What's up with this pacers game!
Kennedy re: lack of mental health providers. Rural areas are short on them. People get help every few months instead of few days
#AWD 3302 students: due date for Unit 2 is now Monday the 17th
yup! My heart just dropped! Ugh!
as soon as we get bikes!
Well, "sharing my feelings" failed me
We got an Apple TV this weekend - I am obsessed! and I are such nerds - so many electronics.
rocking diamonds!!!!
I swear that I seen the other day...
I CAN'T WAIT FOR SUMMER CONCERTS!
prop 8 ruled unconstitutional, karen handel out of a job, & countless RWNJs with panties in a bunch. not bad for a tuesday.
Alright, I am now pissed off enough. I need no more instances of getting pissed off to keep me from registering a domain.
we weren't born to follow, you gotta stand up to what you believe.
know anyone I can follow on twitter who might know?
I am on record with saying all the way until the don't, orange and blue bowl, go
wordd ? of what
ok. Good luck boo boos!!!! Parker loves y'all!!!! Do ur BEST!!!!!
Well, Rush can retire now, Kirk Cameron is ready to step in for him, geeze
loved the live 30 rock
Dared the 65km wind and went for a walk. Nearly blown over but Iceland really is beautiful at sunset!
Can't stand when men I don't know think it's okay to touch me- partic when it's a man who's singing to himself at a coffee shop!
Miami Heat we got The ring next seasons
ima do more than that ;-)
They truly are the greatest generation....... Not a history buff? start reading some books about WWII
I ain't trying to be in Detroit this summer
four elements of tching & lrning experiences: Learners, mentors, knowledge, environment [plus] management & perf goals Boettcher
continuing with aging detectives: HARRY LIPKIN, PRIVATE DETECTIVE by Barry Fantoni - the oldest P.I in Miami Booklist star
by "sax" I assume you mean "cock"
That walk was good, and to those of you who asked it was very very nice, the trees and sun and water were all so relaxing =)
Down Square until 1:30 pm. Come on down!
Pretty stoked to see STOKE :) here in Kansas City, August 1st. Brit boys running wild! Hide your wife! Hide your keeddzzz! Haha :)
Nice! I also miss Godzilla....
you exist! as a person! this makes me happy.
thanks. Minus 10lbs since the first of #2012 .
Why can't every day be Halloween?
You say a man cant make a team them what happened to the bulls?
Sorry :( I've just been feeling so powerful and destructive lately.
Great decision to wear dark jeans today. Just spilled coffee all over myself.
Out to eat with the fam.
you take good pictures for having such tiny arms and no opposable thumbs
#Memphis in the #NBA cashes for all on the list now 21-4 in #NBA playoffs get on the list
Washingtonian magazine readers have chosen Firehook's cookies as the best in town! Stop by your local Firehook Bakery and try one!!!
-_____- it's a bad time to order but you want wings?
Im bored and hungry
will never notice me.. and i cant stop the tears because nobody will take me to see him in milwaukee, i love cody soo much D:
Very much looking forward to your story, First Time events are always entertaining
Arizona sees rise in revenues from tribal casinos
: isn't that from a Seinfeld episode?!
": Followed . [: Follow Back ? :3" i already followed u :-)
Thanks for the follow Niall
😂😂your retarded! RT : iRemember playin hide n seek when iWas younger. I was OSAMA BIN LADEN on a scale from 1-Osama! lol
m... money money money... where? google ads. mypace music. play sports . getting off my ass.. well mentally :)
when r u gonna make a new keek
and the fact that they ended up in the group "of the bands not that popular" 😪😭💔
At you my dear! :)
How dare you call rude people rude! (Seriously, seeing you smack down some of these jerks has been very satisfying.)
Definitely. No one really does homework anymore.
What a great day for a Cherry Limeade, then again everyday is a great day for a Cherry Limeade. Sonic #Baltimore --8212 Liberty Rd.
Today, July 11 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" on LA Talk Radio | Guest: Keldamuzik | Hip Hop Artist | Go: latalkradio.com | We're on Channel 1
So, Books and Culture is a magazine and therefore has its ups and downs like any other. (1/4)
No prob God bless you too!! =)
Nat'l Kiss Day??? who makes this stuff up? pucker up baby!
Do you think hallmark has "Happy Black Wednesday" cards yet? 😊 + 🔲+ 💍nes🌅!
So confused..
I smell stinky feet. That ain't right.
we should wait till hes on! Lol
yep! downloaded the (free!) app last night, and that's how I tracked my breakfast
excellent defense on d rose by shumpert ,,
such a relief. all the things they sucked at they did well in that game. good bullpen, good timely hitting, just a good win
Why don't you come and have a look at some point and we can discuss
The fact that i will be seeing in 4 days>>>>
Robert Griffin I #Redskins No.2: They end long-time franchise QB drought with dynamic athlete who can excel at both phases.
watching Oprah & Gary Zukav. What's diff btween Heart & Seat of Soul?
ALL DAY, EVERYDAY RT :
Fo sho <TOP OF THE LINE>
Let us begin with some basic history of the geographical locations of colleges and universities
Lol it's only been since "95 for me LOL RT : Your Team Is Not Going To The Super Bowl So Keep Hating #ThatIsAll ;) lol
lol i am not how rude of you !
Double minded =
Chatted w/ one of my fav librarians today. Love Cedar Mill Community Library. Just realized I've been a volunteer there for nearly 6 years.
Hey, they like the ladies : Gorman, Slaton, Money and Moore will play in the 3/3 pro-am Sun City Open, an LPGA event. OK then
I already knew I wasn't the only nigga I knew my place I knew everything she,was tellin me she was tellin her other niggas cnt trust her
Thanks for the mentions
Thanks sweetie.. #excited :)
please follow, i'd love u forever if you did! x
There is a really nice crowd at Liam Flynn's for our last fund raiser. Thanks to everyone that took the time to show support.
Listening to Ann Stoler speak about what is hidden by how what we think we know about colonies, histories, imperial formations.
what up. Help me get more followers playa.
Come on. RT : i feel like hoopin'. 
oh yes...asti for everyone.
thank you for the s/o! <3
love you love you love you love you love you :)
Why can't people care about people that aren't interested in buy, sell, credit, payment, service, just 2.99, 10.99, APR, financing =HATE
You'll call it fate, I'll call it karma.
How do buyers engage and find lawyers? 70% relationships but 20% thru digital presence = lots of opps
Gave Kerry Kennedy a tour this afternoon!
the single is called "down" ;)
I so want to do this! RT #Brewers announce plans for half marathon in Sept. Of course, there's a post-race tailgate.
You a penny you two-faced and worthless...but me on a dollar cuz im who they trust in!
thank GAWD! She iz too much
I try to eat at all the weird places, the obscure barbecue joints, burger places
Dream chaser
She looks after me, though I am her minion.
Says at 8:14 there was a fight in the parking lot at Penn Park. They believe the fight stems from another incident in Fitchburg.
Y this people tripping at the postoffice
We are playing at in #LA on Sat 3/31: Vintage Asian Garage Rock + Folktale Mashup Puppets. Free! FUN!
Red vans, black long socks, cargo shorts, tight black sweater, & a red cap. Holla.
If i wasn't waiting on one of these jobs to call me I swear I'll get my number changed.
I hear ya. “: Good morning.. Late morning lol”
electrical connector
i am glad u are happy mami
YES the 1st Amendment Party but also check out NPR's Party at the Gibson Guitar Center first
I know it frees up a lot of time. I think its a matter of time before it explodes
is there a correlation between sanity and network bandwidth?
Has anyone received their mandated pony yet?
Were you at the Library Spring Book Festival last week? Great time!
“: I love u takes 3 seconds to say,, 3 hours to explain but a lifetime to prove #spreadlove”
Just transferred funds to Rescuers in Belarus.
Not a big chocolate person. I like Reeces' and ice cream but that's about it.
aw miss ya too buddy
RT : 26 days to the beginning of Winthrop University's 125th Academic Year!!!
Woe to the bomb squad officers. :(
Changed my name to I_LuvTylerPosey (:
YES! I will play that for you just before 9pm...cool?
Oh...I've got the Twitter app on my Mac now...trouble!!
Monday again...
Ok! ok! i rest my case! i will make a twitter! :) ..
Pizza sub is the $5 Footlong for May? Clutch play Subway, clutch play.
Happy Leap Year...enjoy your extra day
It's not the absence of fear, it's the decisions we make when we show up to it that makes all the difference.
I was layn down watchn Lake Placid...
NOW PLAYING "THE LAST SONG" BY ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW LETS GO!!!
Rawsh for president government subsidized Hookas in every household lol
that would be the red emergency button on the left lol
time to teach studio cycling NYC, your are next w/ - SUNDAY
Yeah! RT : Reminder: Tmr 9pm EST we're having a #GSMC (Global Social Media Chat) chat about content generation & a review of G+.
#InOurGeneration you realize explaining to your kids how you met is gonna be like "Well son I met this girl on Facebook.."
Bout to nap to make two days out of this one.
thanks for the RT! How are things at the chamber?
Just realized Leake's ERA is at 6.00 because that is #firedusty's threshold of pain.
I know I didn't pay for them. & I did I can't help make up breaks. Why do you think I tried and cleaned them?
I hate mondayyssss
We're set to have a full house at the Theme Workshop! Who!
Today at 3:30 I'm on NBC's Dee Armstrong show! That's pretty exciting i think!
Missing 11:11 by a minute-.-
I am in dire need of decompression.
I'm thirsty. Pregame warm-up starts now.
Thanks to Intercare Solutions for volunteering today!
1 More client to train then it's time for my workout! Gotta hit it extra hard for the next couple weeks getting ready for a photoshoot!
WOW!! SEXY as HELL and SMART!! U r the whole package !!
Its annoying when people act so immature -____-
I don't like having to tell people my astrological sign. There's just something so depressing about saying, "Hi, I'm a Cancer."
better...still sore...thanks for asking
RT : "Wow, were you dropped as a baby?" "Ya I was... into a pool of sexy!"
Tip #197: Just when you think you have "MASTERED" selflessness, ask God for a little perspective & He will gladly give it!
Hated the dunk contest! Bo!!!!
I am checking on the status of this. I know it was logged as a bug earlier this morning. I will follow up with you shortly.
WE ARE HIRING! We are looking for servers and a friendly greeter/host. Stop in to fill out an application! 277 W Nationwide BLVD! please RT!
At Tonjas Cupofjava we keep it Local! Anodyne Coffee Roasting Company, Wild Flour Bakery, Soup and Sandwich, Tea are from Rishi Tea Company!
I'm a mess, that's the best way to describe it
On wednesdays we wear pink.
np, be well..when 's your new album coming out btw?? looking forward to it.. ;)
you tell that fucking judgmental asshole lol she is the reason gay marriage is still illegal
As I would not be a slave, so I would not be a master. This expresses my idea of democracy. Whatever differs from this .. is no democracy.
love this one.
a) I need to see the fam before they leave... b) we're all going out tonight! You better come out!
Playin angry birds rio and gravity guy
hahah noo way! Your mom brought you food all semester and you didn't give us any! ;)
naw i doubt it
seriously? You're not kidding that's not good news, especially with Wolf off to such an awful start.
Looks tasty! Colin and I had a delicious juice last night with ours!
you saw the avengers, please tell me more about how youve always been a comic book fan and how much you hate dc.
We both know that wont happen :)
Y do chicks think its cute to have babies out of wedlock? That is NOT cute!
Excited about R&R HOF for Faces. Get your asses on a proper tour. First round on me.
(((PRAYER UPDATE))) My brother in law is healed! the found the cause that was making him sick.. it was a bacteria
Ozzy's "Flying High Again" is on your back wall??
looking forward to being there..added "how to write a $250k proposal in 2 hours to 2nd day's content
Austin is getting so big, awh.
dose Yates position remind you of Tom Brady when bledso went down
Thanks for the retweet, Ms. Rudd!
Only 1 more day until Family Day at Hartwood Acres. Join us from 12-4 on Sunday. Come watch Zany Umbrella Circus and Giggles the clown!
They tell us to be well rested for OAA's. Dear school, if you really want us well rested, don't make us get up at 6:30 AM.
City-Utd this afternoon will be a nice study break
THE HULK is my favorite Marvel Character! Too bad ass!
": That annoying moment when your headphones only work on one side."
: A lot Democrats cared less about who was going to be running. They want the main event.
it seemed like kramer pumped BAC today
Sometimes a concept is baffling not because it is profound but because it is wrong
Winwood is where it's at tonight
u got yo ass whoop lol
Good Morning Twitches
Nice!! I'm going to see it tomorrow night.
Yep! Great show so far. They're pretty excited with their Saints win over us & yes, the colonel = great, but got a noles bowl game!
Good enough for me RT I luv it, i really do
I just joined AFTRA!
Somehow the rockers are in first place in the LOD in a rebuilding year. U desperately need two hitters though.
#WeWontWork if we can't come to mutual agreements
I remember how to do this. "Fire mission: Conservative in the open..."
Get yo hate down and get yo weight up
thank you : )
David Bowie is such a boss
4 hours!!!and counting
Free events & materials @ the library RT : #FF #ElPaso things to do else?
I have a new found respect for my MIL. Who am I???
Thank U friend!!!
I hate having to go to the coop for gas
ah! :) thank you<3 you made my night! Can't wait to see you in July :)
CRS Electronics Reports 2011 Financial Results
Another Fourth of July. Halloween is right around the corner.
Sharing a room w/my sister & her friend, also named Stacie Mari(e). I've been up for 3 hrs cuz I thought they were talking to me.
You gotta be important to stunt on my level
no...just.no
RT : Local philanthropists have enormous untapped power and influence in their communities to be a voice for
Stinky cat! I'd leave the door open but your too stupid to leave..
should i be nervous...? RT ooh it's juicy! #industrygossip for the scoop tomorrow night
is such a good little actress :)
Lets go #Brewers! Lets go!
Hello Friday...
It's the adult binkie.
Great to see you in the twitterverse - can't wait for this weekend!
Omg I only have 14 days of my junior year left, it's so bitter sweet.
for some guys, pretty fucking hard.
hell yeah, it's a great tune.
JCP nabs first commercial - as #Oscars sponsor. Def aiming to boost fashion cred w/ Mango partnership
Ill do as I deem necessary RT ": Just don't pick your nose now #carryon"
when I'm done being sick with my sinus infection we need to have a FaceTime meetin!
OMG It looks beautiful!!! <333
OSU Libraries OSULibrary Study late at Thompson Library - now open til 2 am Sunday-Thurs Spring quarter!
Girls tell you how they feel, guys don't ever say how they're feeling. Therefore, guys are more confusing than girls.
A woman bought you into this world so why disrespect one!?
February is #AmericanHeartMonth. How do you stay healthy?
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
Everybody Follow My Boy He New To Twitter So Fuck WIt Him Thats My Bro!
When something sound to good to be true .. It probably is
cute ass ;)
Yeah, sure.
Need following for new website! Actors, Directors, Producers. Post your video blogs directly to major Hollywood studios. Will announce 2day!
Been at the doctor office since 745am my baby girl has the flu.
Textile Museum members are by far the most fashionable people in Washington. Ikat robes, vintage specs and kimonos galore at the reception!
the solution to struggling wiaa state hoops attendence? raise prices. that big empty kohl center isn't cheap!
Starting to record our second album this weekend at the Blue Room Studios
Came into work on Monday morning as usual, despite spending 14 hours at Disneyland on Sunday. Yes, I do want a f*cking medal.
So wishing I was at #Jamboree! Listening
Thinking too damn hard my fucking head hurts like hell :( ouch!!
Which website? I have a couple. major changes can be fun. Do you have a passion for anything specific?
I like the word "stoked"
Down to Brunswick, GA this week for an interview.
Half of the top 10000 books in a book superstore don't even sell one copy per quarter - The Longer Long Tail
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop. 9 to close, Britpop and booze. Moping allowed, but not encouraged.
Yes. He doesn't have the mentality to overtake Jack though.
hahah hell yeah
Bend Oregon is ready for you! After the concert, come through the Official Afterparty at .
my eye wont stop twitching
aww what happened??
"Juicy lips" or "tatted up"?
Odd News - Edible Art, Hamburglar Surrenders, Urinal Video Game via
okay. thank you!
For my next performance art piece, a dear friend will stab me in the side on the Magnificent Mile in Chicago. The video might go viral.
Choppa style, chop chop choppa style...
holy moly to your formal pictures
Finally going to see the Acengers! #yee gonna be a good night!
New tour in the works?
I think and worry too much ALL the time...
Do NOT ask me a question that you do NOT want to know the answer to… the truth isn't pleasant.
Playing XBOX kinect with my brother and aunt :D
Just got the new site up and running. Great design by Sean Early.
If you're attending NAB? Come if you can? Tomorrow's session: Powerful Storytelling - 9:00 AM Sunday @ Place: Pavillion 2 - Las Vegas Hotel
T Ishikawa in the House!!!
no such luck
my friends just keep reminding me of the stuff we were drinking and it's making me feel worse. look at my friend in my picture haha
Hey I just checked out the new trailer for Tim Burton's Dark ShadZZZZzzzzzzzz........
No school today!
My heart goes out to those students who lost their lives in New Zealand earlier today. Such a sad story.
amen to that! or just jeans for me, that would be great!!
Going to check out a bunch of records today
Happy Birthday kitty! We are both Libras too!
Had a dream that I was hanging with Aziz Ansari. I was wearing my Mis Sigs jersey and a Mis Sigs hat at the same time. I would never do that
Success requires that you protect your emotional and intellectual immune system with positive thoughts, people, input and activities.
Good Morning happy monday
me neither at #fsu, but I went to an all black school briefly my soph. year. I loved it and errone loved me cause I gots SOUL!
RT "Studying abroad is a prerequisite for Life 101" by #NAFSA & CoWorld member Kate Wozniak
lets take a trip outta town
“Poverty is the worst form of violence.”Gandhi (Still writing grants for CU's that serve the poor so I am finding sad stuff about the US)
“ “ Thanking God for waking me up today #Blessed..””
- yes, it is pretty much comedy gold...
I feel the shame of the beagle.
So sorry about that guys #KTCO, player is in a epic battle with me right now. Think I fixed it :) ^KM
S/o too
i cant here them right now oh ye remember the plan for tomorrow for the harmonica
I have killed at least 20 gnats in my office this morning due to my broken window!
In the future..these business trip flights need to be scheduled later in the day. I can't handle waking up at 330am anymore.
FRIDAY FISH FRY new beer batter using New Glarus 2 Woman Lager it is grand. Happy hour & Late night happy hour celebrate Friday
Listening to Honduran songwriter Guillermo Anderson. Bout to get up and dance!
I will never be able to spell Cosumnes without looking. And I can't say Tuolumne aloud. (At least I can spell it.)
i cry every time i watch 'the blind side'...every time!!!
congrats on the new site! Looks great : )
Seeing your ex with someone uglier than you. Awesome.
checkout Jannus live site at www.jannuslive.com for Strykerz Rock Fight Series on June 18th.
omg. So I'm Asian. I always knew I was blasian lol.
Hello November! Can't wait for the launch of
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
When #moving - literary ephemera is one of the most difficult things to pack - besides of course random knick nacks
Excited for the guys down at PBS! Tough schedule, #bengals! We got this, tho!
Shout outs to thanks for following!
Oh Yeah! =D I Saw The Abdc Season 6 Preview :D It Looks So Intense :P I Hope This Season Is Really Good Tho :/
ha ha ha. that didn't last long...
i'm going to have to take one of your classes to learn about making with the lilypad arduino. mind if i become your student? :P
My mom is taking me to school today. :)
These headphone hurt my fucking ears
Seriously, I'm afraid he's gonna lead an expedition to the Field Museum any time now… i KNOW he has crowbars...
oh feel better soon :(
my goal is to get buff and get a hard defiened 6 pack b4 skul starts nxt year im gona do it;)
I'm going on a fair date tomorrow 😊
Upon finding "Chopped" on the hotel TV) J: "God, I hope this is a marathon."
Spice Girl Mels in argument on musical - NDTV
feeling more unsettled than usual about the future of libraries.
“: November is going to be an expensive month for gamers #$$$$” So true!!!
0F C0URSE WE KN0W THAT RT y`all sitting right next to each other y`all know that right?
Monica's prayer request from her slum home in Marurui. ”Please praise God, he has brought you here ,he has answered my prayer.”
I stay up till 1am every night
Which is more dumb, Gluten Free Beer or Black India Pale Ale?
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. – Robert F. Kennedy
RT : Sweet RT : RT : has raised $126 already on check it out & tell ur friends!...
IM GOING RIGHT TOO !!
thanks so much Gene!! Love to hear that for you and your wife!! Loving every minute of married life so far!;) Happy Holidays!
KFAN is doing a wonderful Groundhog day bit this morning....but what is more funny is all the people that don't get it.
Thanks for the follow! Check out my partner in virtual crime & our video game blog too!
Great Interview Preparation: "And if hired, how can you make my business stand out?" - Scott O'Neill, President of MSG Sports
“: : That's Doc Emrick, Coach. And you're right. he is awesome.”(thank u)
#ICantStandPeople who can't handle their high....If you can't, pass the blunt to someone who CAN!!
Watching Time Fly By , B-/
#4WordsYouDont wanna hear: You're really wearing that?
how did the boys look tonight? I saw San Jac allow LSCypress to hang around the first half b4 blowing them out in the 2nd half.
I would never say something I am afraid to say twice.....
If My Headphones Are In , I Clearly Cant Hear You ... Stop Fucking Talking To Me ! Preciate It :)
The Marina will never be the same #youwillbemissedburell!
bambino won't sleep, so he's banging a measuring spoon while I write and momma sleeps... It's heading to 1am kid, go to sleep.
Yup (today, now). RT : Thunderstorms possible tomorrow?
Always good to see the #Padres beat the #Dodgers. doesn't matter if we only took one in the series. Long year
Rajon Rondo is taking over this game!
LOL Thanks for the follow- 'kiss ass women' LOVE that.
Green grass 😍
sounds good u can be my tour guide. I belong to the sol Melia vacation club so I can stay at any Melia all over the world !
RT : I Really Dnt Like Alot Of People In This School .
#niallwhipshispenis is going down!!!
are you on this side of town?
Microsoft is demoing Node.JS and Cloud9 at AT&T's Hackathon. Did I miss something?
Me and are yelling at middle schoolers to get to class. Lmao
thats the spirit!(: It's not how PEOPLE view YOU it's how YOU view YOURSELF(: That's what my told me isn't it an awesome quote?
Has reading a book ever changed ur life? If so which one(s)?
yes it is. Just have to run a program on the iPhone to jailbreak it. I know all the tricks 😉.
i'm just gonna stay home. make my mom's mother's day gift.
Sorry I'm so slow lately. I daydream constantly & sketch a lot. :) Always thinking about the next art piece.
Good luck sweetie, you're going to need it...
Aw, there's nothing more adorable than a four year old working through the concept of his own mortality at the dinner table. Right? *sob*
MSU is playing at Comerica tonight. I know it's Detroit and all, but there's a nice view beyond the outfield. I need to see a game there.
people like laurinaitis now
Got the ingredients for my master cleanse. Was kinda disturbed that all the grocery tellers at whole foods knew exactly what I was up to.
At least it didn't drag on for years. My fiance from many years ago dumped me, then wanted to stay friends. Yeah...no...
18u what's the schedule like and fees
There is no such thing as no way out. Just ways you haven't seen yet. There is always a solution
Envy would get you no where (:
Big time Mina.
See my days are cold without you, but I'm hurtin while I'm with you
that wouldn't be a bad idea
Remember, if you are in the #Boston area, visit #NNRC in the exhibit hall at the show. Ends Oct 15.
make a wish. 
remove it off
- we need to link up on sum music
Thanks! Good to know. MT enjoyed your article, but I believe term "Haterade" came from 90's Hip Hop Culture.
#TweetOfTheDay if its not broken, brake it
Eating dinner at 10PM and missed ballet again. Feel like I'm going to be struck by lightening for my bad habits. Oh the guilt
you still got it on lock, keep doing your thing...
saw an eagle catching vents south of Southridge. I hope this is a harbinger of good things for me.
This is when a mobile hotspot comes in handy.
Oldest daughter just discovered that Blue is a girl. It is blowing her mind.
Getting a different perspective on the use of white in iOS design.
what's the SnapBack Of Choice today?
what do you mean?
All these children do is actually run around all day
Thanks! RT : Miss live chats Wednesday. Recommend #bizforum and
not a actor but i am a screenwriter..
Check some of my tweets, and i just posted a link to a well reccomended book
All right. Time to get back to the novel. This plot isn't gonna unfold itself.
. has a great show. Glad he's taken more control in recent years... Very fresh format and production. Kudos to him and his team
and alyssa, and songwriter our manager is just an fyi
I'm down with unrepentant stupidity.
no he's been quiet lately.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Held store door open, not seeing the 2nd inside door also open. Ran into its edge and almost knocked myself out; black eye likely. Idiot.
Looking for an event space? Contact Fashion 40 Lounge for your corporate and social event needs. www.fashion40lounge.com
you're sick
brewed Hazelnut coffee this am from in honor of National Coffee Day! :)
NAWWWW D: well gotta start over... Sorry that drawing was stupid... xD
Thx RT : Checked out today. Beautiful escape in the heart of #SouthBeach. No ? why it's rated
#FF on a Monday.
one of those days...time to get this chi aligned
What happened to Sonique?
hey whats up gurrrrrrrr! finally got a twitter up.
I miss and I just saw her.
A friend of mine wants to do one, can I make one and send it to you?(:
I can't wait to see everyone's facebook photos of flowers at their desk from the "BEST BOYFREIND EVER!!!"
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY: Think too much and you will create a problem that was not there in the first place.
#wouldyou pull me closer to you while we are dancing?
RT ***Time is running out *** Hurry into TEMA! This is the last weekend for TEMA to pay your sales tax. "No TAX Days" will end May 2, 2011.
Tai Chi flow....that was fun
I love how happy my boy makes me!! (:
need sum luv from u boo just cants stop thinkin about u.
“: Decided to go to Torchy's instead. Can't handle PB&J today.” Good girl :-)
I think Paris is a very romantics place *-* I like there
My 3rd show in 6 months, always a hell of a show!
Need a last minute Valentine's Day gift? We have gift cards available for purchase.
Happy May Day.
you need to include the DB Bistro burger from that is stuffed with short ribs and foie GRAS. It's insane!
nigga , if you got a LOYAL ass , FAITHFUL ass girl that holds you down & deals with your bullshit , quit fucking up ! grow up .
Today is a magnificent day! You know why!? 3 words
The Silk Tie likes Damianqualter!
LA-bound! Friends, taco recommendations. I need 'em.
I am supposed to be somewhere else right now & this means tomorrow will be unplanned, disorganized chaos. Fun!
For a really long time. I can't remember haha
when we were at the #winesisterhood conference, you mentioned a car service from Napa to SFO - what was it?
Morning twitter family!
#theview is discussing banning of 50 Shades of Gray. They say it was banned by #librarians. I don't think so!
stop by and see us!
The LaQuinta is booked! Wear your love like Twitter, dude.
So tired ugh glad I'm.off tomm
Pancakes or waffles?
Hi Bernie! #Nimble fan?
Hello, Albuquerque, NM! Proud to be offering graphic design and marketing solutions for your company or organization.
stuffing envelopes. anyone need a press copy of Remaindermen's Border States Album?
I got an app on my phone called MP3 Music Mate and it gives me free music
It was good. How do you count the milk in portion plan?
Thank you so very much. "I am Very Happy to be here" in my Prince Hakeem voice!
One #FREE month of #marketing and #SEO #coaching.... I have it... You want it?
Good Luck Chris ...
Hey Derrick would love to be on the #microconf list! Thanks for creating this.
What a great afternoon on the patio. What are you doing still working?
Just heard #Cursive quote Scarlett O'Hara; everything comes together!
& your not a trashy tramp..
My mom is calling Mr Okes tomorrow...that means she's really ticked her off. She's never called any of my teachers before.
Parkrose teachers taking a strike vote tomorrow. District will not change its position
Seriously? The movers just dumped the furniture in a heap so it tumbles out of the open door?!? Idiots!
Happy Mothers Day!
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor.
yes I'm on. Lmao
They are amazing, but it still won't be the same without MJ. Joe was right-can't go a day without hearing one of his songs.
My pleasure Ruthie, thanks to you for been here :)
I loved Selena's dress it was just. i can't even.
This is an oatmeal kind of morning.
Ruling on Transformers: Too many robots. Too much George Lucas-esque tomfoolery. Still beats Terminator Salvation hands down.
How about e_espinosa? She would be great!
We've got a winner. Thanks for playing!
More than 79 hours since landing in GLA on Xmas eve, still no baggage from Never again. Dreading the return flight to SEA.
RT : #Jbsomeday I will be a famous singer! I'll never give up!
how u feeling?
Had the pleasure to meet on Friday at the #Edelman offices in #NYC - what an amazing man and role model for kids everywhere
I have Tiny Monster stuck in my head. Thanks a lot . :)
ooh just heard Ah Yeah by Robert Glasper
When you have your own place, pay your bills and take responsibility of your own actions.
lol... only if you promise to play fair!
LOL, I think Jared was referring to this new bundle of joy. Jared, of course I would. I love kids :-)
now floating up and down I spin colliding into sound like whales beneath me diving down.
Love you work bro!!!
DAMN! when did Urkel get so smoking hot! Go Jaleel
Absolutely. Jar Jar in Avatar makes all kinds of sense.
I can't watch Azarenka. Her moans are so obnoxious
is doing something cool, id love to talk to the devs.
This college offers classes that you will likely not find elsewhere, such as Natural Health Studies and Equine Science
ooh, who will Mr. Irrelevant be?
“: I'm thrilled to start contributing to 's beer coverage..." congrats Paul! Look forward to reading more...
so u think Pitino was honorable for having sex w/ his employees wife in a restaurant? They were both horribly wrong/fire able acts
Good night!
Thank YOU so MUCH for the RE-TWEET you SO ROCK! xo!
THANK YOU. Yes. YOU. We reached our goal—30K participants w/70K+ mods completed—we beat the natl record! Couldn't have done it w/out you!
#TweetMeCody #FollowMeCody I would be the happiest girl in the world if this actually happened (: 143
GS is one of Cleveland's finest!
Yum! Great choice, Kaitlyn!
Working on a user survey-is it possible that users will actually complete one? And how to get it to them? Via the web, reading room, both?
What I hate about pasta is how they change the shape and act like it's a different food
I miss you </3
Now you're just somebody that I used to know!! =)
Just got ourselves the "FAT" EP and at half price too! Really digging the sound, sending you our regards from NYC
well, good morning, dark circles! you are news this am.
AH I HAVE A B IN PYSICS :D
Listening to music!(:
Wife,Mother and one of americas brialliant actresses of our time...Keep the flame going :)
Happy Monday Buggies! We are hard at work getting closer to you! Happy trails and don't forget to taste outside the box! #FOLLOWTHEBUGGY!
I believe I'm capable of making some really good music!
shyt u saw me
I spend 2 hours walking around houston with just to get some symphony milk chocolate bars
Ain't nothin to it but to do it...
when i get paaaaiiid
Not trolling, just reaching out to people who might be interested in visiting the exhibition! :)
That would be really, really fun... And so useful! Alas, I cannot attend this year but will avidly be following.
YOU ARE AMAZING! Thank you so much for that. Seriously the best.<3
Who says that?
I need a #Tools #Programmer interested in working on an #MMO on the east coast.
Happy Birthday!! (:
Happy Holidays everyone!
Married love of life on 17th. Been busy but so happy!
RT : A lot of opportunities to win prizes at #gpacacmoacac12. Come by booth to get you torch sticker and country star.
Come to hillcrest to see 8pm.
Welcome to twitter:)
i'm a little biased but knocking everyone's socks off and the debut lp from levek!
sorry, I only fish with whoever offers the most money
By The Way, True Freedom is Financial Freedom!
Like we are the team of Exlpore Fulton Market 2012. Learn about us, join in the fun and celebrate the #WestLoop!
I couldn't figure out what was going on. If they were that limited or the effect of cancelled galaxy foams
that's just any small school anonymous quote
The idea that have-nots are really soon-to-haves is a fantastic lie that keeps the never-to-haves in line.
let me kno when...
it's hard to see how HC can sustain the idea. It undermines the entire free library concept.
Ask Cassie and Courtney "what happened to the Libertarians?" for me!
Super bored someone text me
Only 2 more days until UPAF's 2012 Campaign Kickoff at the Harley-Davidson Museum!
Hanging with "First Church of the Nazarene" tonight in Greenville! Also doing a book signing after!
Avoid the purple line!!! Debris on tracks...ughh and no umbrella :(
Juggling 8 design projects - thkful for the opportunities! S/O to , , &
Lol and this day gets worse, this would happen :p
#TwitterAfterDark >> Name a Famous #CelebStoner besides me..
Well I am SUPER bored! SOMEBODY SAVE ME FROM THIS BOREDOM! D:
What are your favorite shows so far from NYFW?
more ArtPrize today, then driving home through some states I've never been to: Ohio, Kentucky, Tennessee, etc.
I need to learn Spanish
I wish all of my problems were solved.
Won tix from ! Rock on!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
RT : Thank you to those that have purchased your TIX to the Holiday Gala! If you haven't, get them here...
thanks for the donuts this morning. Definitely not a bad way to start the week after spring break.
At another training with , this time for shelter operation.
DIY: Stay home and treat yourself to fabulous results with Mary Kay® skin care. You’ll save time and money with these proven products!!
“: The Lobos are the only team in the conference without a game on the Mountain West television schedule.” thats not cool at all
Soo I have school tomorrow, and this entire break I could've done my homework but did I? NO 😔
#ReplaceNickiSongsWithMoth Stupid moth
RT : RT : Gratitude develops faith. The surest path out of a slump is marked by the road sign "thank you, God."
his performances always make me tear up (:
thanks Nicole. I am honored. Welcome back to high school (twitter).
Will we ever have a football season?????????
I will always be there for you. I LOVE YOU.... No te cambio por nada en el mundo!!!!
Love those caution lights at Texas!
At until 9 tonight, come in and see me for a cut or color!! :)
Just saw my beat the snot out of the Wild last night. Have fun!
Today was such a long day!
how's the splendour miracle going? Have u managed to score yourself a ticket?
Career stats: 5.2 points per game.... The Lakers can have McRoberts.
I'm so sorry for this difficult time. God bless you!
My GUM fresh as fuck! I tried to offer yall some...
Hide the remote control from yourself.
“Use what talents you possess; the woods will be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.” -Harry van Dyke
Another football game called cause of the rain. #Marshall had a chance.
no clue but i'll kill for one right now
nice to have you here!!!
Four year olds are the best form of birth control
RT : happy bday to your babies :)- thank u & happy mothers day
new song idea of a title /// smokeshow - (sexy bombshell walks into a bar)
You can't understand someones pain unless you felt there struggle
What do u girls thinks looks better on guys. One ear pierced or both?
yo. start up accelerator pitch at 11 (hilton salon B), i'll be at our booth #527, most day & week). stop by
Shout out to
Well better do my harrrrr(hair)
And watchin salt
Five Spice Powder: Used in Chinese cooking, 5 ground spices - cinnamon, cloves, fennel seed, star anise & szechuan pprcrn.
I will!
your deal as in what do you do in life :P
: “The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.” Emile Zola"
Crashing into the car in front of you as you window shop the Car lots
"We now return you to the medicine cabinet... ..." Oh how I loathe cold and flu season.
A full-time teen programming job became available!
You point is well taken, but "30 cents per year" seems wrong. Times 300 mill people = $100 million per year -- far too low.
I'll admit I didn't like Jordan in the beginning but now I freaking love her!
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
Sundresses when its windy are great
Did jelena break up or no i kinda believe it but i kinda don't idc that much though
. Agree. It was a foul but a call usually reserved for the regular season. Not 10 sec left in a playoff game
#LTL recording today and tomorrow. Demo should be up by Monday.
im like in love with now... ♥
Nothing more frustrating than playing your A game and consistently being ass raped by ridiculous online beats!
Thanks for the RTs about our very cool House manager from
Thank YOU guys for the great support and fun February! We were proud to work with you and hope we helped out a bit!
subscribe me on youtube thanks
Court seemed to consider more than one chapter to be too much for fair use.
looking forward to seeing you at Legends! Let's get there
An #eye doc today compared #Glaucoma to a marathon. It's a long race that will require daily practice and commitment to preserve vision.
“: Spurs are a cohesive unit with phenomenal Individual Play that is created thru TEAM play!”
did caroline ever follow you? :)
I promote bands online. and pass out fliers cds t shirts ect.. and we do interviews
Experimenting with recipes for my Tea Party Business. I eat them anytime of the day. Looking for really different recipes.
Learn everything you need to know to prepare your mind and body for the amazing pregnancy journey at the April 28 event.
that was so cute<3 lmao. I'll catch you some other time.
where the same people<3
#TeamUnChurched discussion this week - A Return to Love. Join the conversation! You are only on thought away from transformation!
this season....
Bethlehem! 12And may your house be like the house of Perez whom Tamar bore to Judah—through the offspring which the LORD will #Torah 91/99
What in the world!!!!
bet they just go with "Mo". Some Phillies guy from the '40s I think had his initials retired.
Bursts of energy then BAM tuckered out. Waking up from a nap re-charged.
Was just reading a #SPED blog. It's remarkable how many people use #negativereinforcement synonymously with punishment.
I've got Skype on my iPod, that would probably work.
glad you liked my pic big boy! Sending an autographed Kobe Bryant ball to you right now!
Ugh, no wants to catch tonight's Thunder game?!? Oh like the wizards or whatever team you cheer for is so awesome.
October 6 ZuZu brings back $1.00 breakfast Tacos 3 ingredients fresh handmade tortillas salsa bar and more. Are u Ready??
No problem!!! My pleasure, Mrs. Dickson. I absolutely adore little Rachel Eliana. You should visit with her sometime!
Crushed candy heart in mail leads to building evacuation.
Thanks for leaving #ALEC ! Appreciate you listening to us!
Make sure to join my fanbridge list if you haven't already. I just sent my members a free song that isn't available anywhere else.
hey love
are you in any fantasy baseball leagues? If so are there any openings?
Where you getting your #TacoTuesday on? Stop by a #bartab venue and grab a $1 drink to wash it down!
yes, you are the one who told me... -___-
Has so many sitcom-worthy friends.
Tough times don't last; tough people do." ~ Gregory Peck
you need a graphic designer? What were you looking at getting designed for you?
Kansas. I love a good underdog
#MarcusThomas75 Firsts! (sorry, I had to)
Safe travels !
how did you FIND me!?
she may need directed to your fridge of goodies...it has saved us from a kid meltdown before!
Ayers: "Deans and Presidents love this stuff." Agree. Also librarians. And Good Samaritans who swoop in to help:#NITLE, DHSI, THATCamp...
Omg me and the are in the same state eeeeppppp :P
follow and submit your short film or promo to and he'll post it on his tumblr page. Everyone's a winner.
Apparently.... When it comes to style... There's an Athens uniform
I've been kissed by a rose on the gray...And if I should fall along the way, I've been kissed by a rose...been kissed by a rose on the gray.
They're so adorable, , how could I resist?! And, thanks for the retweet!
damn last day for spring break back to school tomorrow cant lie this spring break was fun as hell though :(
Valentines Day! & Francie Phelps swoon u & your valentine 8pm
howdy cooper scooper!
Preacher may have gotten a little aggressive this morning in his sermon when he said it was time to open up some whup-ass on heaven.
Go for it Edwin, we will laugh with you. No one will will unsubscribe and if they do F--- them.
The cup is in the liquid.
Awesome day! Hope you had one too!
i wish you were here to go hard with me. You gotta come back next year
RT Breaking: #occupyportland march numbers diminish after rounding corner at Mary's Club. Chanting "We are the 99% and we like the ladiez"
saw you on what a story & effort. Best of luck to you & enjoy the 162 while you're at it!
Time to choose your team for your halftime "Can we get team X out there for the second half?" tweet.
How many apples are in one apple seed?
The best part about house hunting is seeing how people decorate their homes. It's shocking sometimes.
Medical & Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion, 1862-1865 is helpful in tracking surgeons.
I hope your day went better today B! LOVE YOU! xoxo
It's medicinal. I got glaucoma. Cause sleep is for the birds.
Gotta rest them for the playoffs... Oh wait.
...? If It's what I think it is, I totally blame
The adult prom dresses at this prom show are amazing so far
I love hearing Charles Barkley ramble and talk himself in circles.
Dick, you are so on point. But Newt is still dynamic.
The time has come. Tomorrow I need to find playoff tickets. Good work #indianapacers. Proud to be a fan.
I see that you are going to the Baltimore Blast game tomorrow, where are you sitting?
"Boarding Group 1"...and 3 ppl from Group 6 jump in line.
Sup brothe how?
talking to your self is fine but answering? Idk you might wanna get some help;P
Lin and Novak are the discount double threat!
hm.....so I think that I'll be a Music Composition major when i come back to ISU...........sounds like a plan to me
Great! Thanks Steph. Who?
UGH I WANT TO WATCH IT
During the Dark Ages, (400-1400 AD) popular belief was that you could grow a lost tooth by obtaining a tooth from someone else.
Someday soon I'm catching up on lost sleep. Someday soon....
ayyyy but good luck to get watch the thrones
Going to go watch my dad play softball...this should be funny!
im driving to skool right now
so true!
I was a top reader in 6th grade so I'm very literate. In fact & I are working on literacy programs
Imagine you are a tiny figurine #shivanaut, flailing on the desk. Then grow yourself bigger. You are a giant flailing across the horizon.
I want an avengers shirt !
I'm the bitch people go to when they got ashy skin. I can start a business. I would make that money. People are thirsty for some lotion.
to teach cost-effective audience development strategies in the Odets during Get Your Print Books and E-Books Noticed
Ladies and Gentlemen, introducing your THIRD place Milwaukee #Brewers! Yay.
Want to lose weight? Drink 16oz of cold water before each meal. Then, eat only HALF of what’s on your plate.
Have a great show!!! Can't wait to see the pics and hear the stories...
Anytime...any place.
Thank you. And right back atcha.
Great time sharing the Belay story this evening during a Heritage Foundation anti-poverty strategy session in Colorado Springs.
o sorry gotta go I have econ to do...
All of our football sections at the Oklahoman are deadlining next week - let me know if you're interested in advertising!
I see you LBJ
No you don't. In fact, if you try to do that, it gets you in trouble.
I've never checked my score lol!!
Every time I slog through Aquinas, I find something relevant to the diss, but I always feel like I've wasted my time.
Although not my thing, thanks for the invite.
Is Mike Maddux getting close to Peterson status?
Yes yes I was turned but I called it a (lesson learned)
I dont live in utah anymore so now it takes 20 minutes to drive to church instead of 2.
For some reason I think Call Me Maybe is the next A Thousand Miles. A one hit wonder. Sadly.
Enjoyable Adcraft Club radio day lunch. Clear Channel's Bob Pittman highly engaging presentation on radio as "companion."
!.~+~! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Late Night Happy Hour, $5 Drafts - starts at 10pm.
Getting my shit together.
I want to cut your advertising budget in half & sell every used car on all your lots in Florida in the next 30 Days ! 323-370-6419
I will leave a series of clues around the Q Prime compound. Each more challenging than the last
It's the 9th... We're at 98 balls used.
And okaay :P I HAVE NOTHING TO DO TONIGHT. D: I wish I had homework sometimes. My teachers are like "Its classwork"
Yolonda Spinks, Social Media Manager & Consultant, Author publicity and promotions
I love that feature. Especially when I meet someone in class on the first day and I forget his or her name.
Nigga them the munchies!
two classes down, one document created, and various must-do tasks complete... one presentation to go!
- We'll work on it!! Thanks for the suggestion.
Sniffles, sneezes, and aches oh my!
yes can we suit up for cincodemayo!? we should
im ballin too my ninjas
pow...like that...
Really! Its way to hot for this Went to a wonderful restaurant in Pittsburgh out door seating for lunch, I'll just sit inside with AC=Me....
my sister thinks the duck face is cute so now I'm wondering how we can even be related
When you work in Hollywood, sometimes the only thing faker than the people in production are the tits on the talent.
....you should come see the workshop in March!!! It'll be fun! :)
Great hiking weather today. Just got done hikin the alum cave trail. Had a lot of fun!!
i quit...better off doing this by myself
Josh Hamilton makes me money!
Just buttery enough.
Ty again Junior
Money talks alright but all it ever says to me is good bye.
The only "good" highlights I am seeing on TV about Zambrano are against the Astros. Haha
its San Diego so everything is good hahaha. Tacos El Gordo?
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. -Eden Phillpotts
Music Is my life.
Miami has full practices of learning whether to do a forward head nod or backwards when they get bumped by a player
Really enjoyed the first session of ISSE. Excited for the next session to start!
U Check It Out
Watching people do labs in chemistry :D
Congrats Austin it took 1 hour and thirty minutes to sell out :)
nope. RT : RT : Wait, so do men care if a female wears nail polish at all times???
can u plz follow me? ur the funniest person ever, just thought u should know, if u didnt already...:)
- that would be awesome!
I AM SO SO LUCKY
WHO's going to SecureWork in San Francisco (Feb 27 – March 2)?!
Summer is back with a vengeance.
Hooray! [showers of confetti]
*Jams nails in her ears*
RT just having a Tecmo Bowl flash back: hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut hut ... oh my thumbs hurt just hearing that name ;)
I don't care what says, those looked like nipples to me.
Chuck Norris and the illuminati are working together, I swear it.
RT : Safety first. Just kidding, coffee first. Safety's like third or fourth.
In the lovely town of Vermillion, South Dakota for a strategic planning session. Great, little town - nice downtown area. Worth the visit!
Nobody gives a shit if you sleeping naked 💩
*bowes head* ...prays
26 days post starting w/ personal trainer down one clothing size and energy up drastically! Welcome new #fitness/life challenges!
I can't sleep.
Needs to get me a black guy
no hate
Me 2! RT if u don't eat perfectly (myself included) u may need vitamins to...I take calcium, D, omegas MVI
Can't wait to go buy #UnderTheMistletoe by , His new album super geeked! I freaking love justin bieber!
RT : Photo: Congratulations Hillary Richerson! This is an exciting time for both the faculty of The Dance Center/congrats!
Pulling into parking lot at #natspark. Time to open the darn gates.
Stop by Wells Fargo today in Indian Hills for a free shave ice and prizes
I'm starting to think the more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
Thanks for RT Come by to pick up your Friends & Family Form ; ) and register for May 24th's Grand opening with the #NCCChamber!
I hope I find time to fish and relax today
As a leader, is not just being an ethical person, but your ethical leadership: role modeling, rewards and communication about ethics
and i still dont feel like going to sleep WTF
Yep I rock with MadeStar... I'm over doin some awesome production! I'm even suprising myself. Lol
I wish I could read minds
King Center.... Here I come
Heading to upstate NY today for parents' 50th anni. Meanwhile back at the U, the 09/10 requests for letters of rec have begun. 3 this week!
Joining Twitter
How is Jack B. doing today? Feelin' better?!
- very much looking forward to meeting with you this summer about the bullying project. My colleagues are excited.
Good thing the world didn't end today. We wouldn't be able to listen to
I hate them people who wanna act different in front of certain people. Keep it real with niggas.
Band Practice tonight.... I"M READY !
Breaking News Artist Resources Available!
What I do to protect myself now - avoid being with a single person, door is slightly open when meeting with a woman, etc.
Promise to myself: Never let my brain solidify into an unmovable stone, like a paper weight holding down my beliefs.
just got a twitter, its such an honor being able to follow her.
with God on your side ANYTHING is possible <3 .
The Guto is covered in open sores... more open sores than usual that is.
Nothing like NWA to brighten your mood while you wait in the doctor's office
I hope you feel better (:
Hammond has replaced Harris' bad contracts with his own (Maggette, Gooden, Jefferson, Jackson).
I was dying lol
Second on the SSD advice - it's probably the best upgrade money you can spend.
I know some hood people but damn.
Forced to listen to Jesus music at the auto repair store.
Aww I always thought her big brother was sexy a hell
Well look who it is!
And if you look at clock at 7:11, it means your wish will come true! :O) : no! It means make a wish! RT “
yup. shut y'all ass up
“ ispeak my mind if u dnt like it oh well”' Truth
last out for Pedey
21 jump street in theaters tomorrow! I really wanna go see it!
niggas wanna go back to like 08?
I hate it when the barista puts Splenda instead of Sweet N Low in my iced coffee when I specifically asked for Sweet N Low.
If we put pictures of lost kids on beer cans instead of milk cartons, we'd find them in about 15 minutes
Sweet! I will!
I shouldv'e said the 2 magical words "It's over" along time ago..
Ron Burgundy announced their will be an Anchor Man 2! amen
nope not yet, but I'd be happy to take a look
RT The $119 million paid for Munch's #Scream, would run for 39 years.
wuddup brotha?!? I been working and snowboarding man. Hardly ever get on here anymore. Hows training going?
welcome my friend
no problem !!! and happy birth day ... ure lucky to tweet u
yeah its corny
when I'm old as fuck I'm still gona blast my reggaeton!!!
#Turntoyou is so beautiful Love you my baby
Poetry is like a really short story, great if you can only read for a little while.
“: The GOP demands Obama campaign repay taxpayers for travel costs. Yeah-right. I want my money back for "Mission Accomplished!"
Call it stormy Monday.
who are you bro? Do I kno you .
because girls never give it enough attention
well mabey ur teenage gurl dream will come true soon !
hopefully June 25th?! And idk have you been nice to and megan!?
/// "Straight up, from the gate up..."
yup I update cydia installer and now cydia will not come up
lol! what a beautiful chicken wrap
dont forget about our Covenant Wine Tasting Event taking place this evening 7:30-9:30 with Wine Maker JEFF MORGAN THE CASK
the world doesnt revolve around you. so get over yourself and come back to reality.
I really want my old twitter back!!
When a hair brushes against your shoulder & feels like a mosquito. So, you smack yourself repeatedly until you realize it's your own hair.
um..... Between 3-5 we can start.(:
Time to relax in my ultra-comfy, lilac Coffee Talk chenille robe from Canyon Group. Such a treat at the end of the day!
he can't be any sweeter... you two are the cutest! LOVE!
ok. Be well
NFL on verge of killing Pro Bowl according to Good move or bad? Lst yr I thought NFL Awards Show was a viable replacement...
I miss my bestie
Remember life without navigation....
WHAT?!?! You don't have your talk perfectly planned like I do? tsk, tsk. ; )
You right tho, my ex LOVED to just watch in anticipation of her serving lol
When did my area become a haven for potheads :-) lol second day in a row the area around my corner store reeked of pot
my favorite kind of BLT!!
It's So Nice Outside :)
Weds night the place 2 be isBroadway Bar(8800 broadway)No Cover Great Drink Special. Dj Mystik video mixing. Peter Blue hosting the party
Sure as soon as I leave for class #Chelsea start scoring. Hopefully they keep it up
Adios Ruby on Rails, welcome back JavaScript
Up like 24hrs every other day! I guess I'm like a Supernova! I'll burnout before I'll fade away! "BOOM!" BURN! BABY! BURN! Looool!!!
The race was incredible. It was fun and very challenging.
Today was interesting. I hate the Internet sometimes.
HEY LOOVE lol. I miss you too
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi !
One day I will be very bored in space.
Potential band name: The Walks of Shame.
If i was your boyfriend. Swag swag. Justin bieber is a fag
#fridayreads giveaway: Donna Leon's BEASTLY THINGS is a #travelmemoir of Venice disguised as a mystery.
Fuckin a ever since I got this surgery I keep waking up with fat head aches it's getting hella annoying
Oregon&#39;s Quarterback Battle Offers Two Intriguing Possibilities
Welcoming Wayne Clough, Secretary of the , to the podium, discussing the future of diversity @ the institution.
absolutely my man!
Pepperoni, ham, Italian sausage, regular sausage, bacon crumbles.
I might come tomorrow
Omw home in this brick ass wheather
Bring it, 14hr work day. Also, I wore a tie, so clearly I win today on basically all levels.
Calgary has some great beer bars serving some fine Canadian ales. Check 'em out while you're there.
miller light>keystone lol
Hells Bells should be reserved for Trevor Hoffman!
Can't sleep cause I keep thinking of new concepts to shoot
Are you offering him a job?
isn't his reasoning contradictory? I totally understand why you feel the way you do....
hahaha ok u the phenom tho
it's all fun and games til someone loses an I (eye) cause then our name is An.
#twitterpeopleIlove :) Love these people!
I've been listening to a lot of Black Sabbath lately!
So can I be considered a native if I stick Irene out?
GOD MORNIN :-) HAVE A KILLER DAY :-)
I don't mind Justin, not at all. It's his psycho fans like you that make me irritated at him. I'm done now. Goodbye weirdo.
cool. Glad it worked! prolly a couple days AT MOST 4 Alejandro. Please post songs! and check out Funny Call! u rule!
this @ face value. If zimmerman were a few shades darker he would have BEEN arrested, on site. No questions.
Is there a queen bee syndrome? Women acting like men in the workplace...on Today Show...now
it annoys me that #bgt and #thevoiceuk are on at the same time :(
FLYING TO PANAMA
congrats on yor success. Good luck building on it in 2010
You have until 8 am to call and donate to Bikes for Kids! Call 485-3797 to make a donation over the phone. ANYTHING helps!
Tomorrow is April. No it's gonna be June. -_-
I missed you to
fanny lace?? lol
We are delivering some of our high quality playground wood chips in Carlsbad. 10% off any debris pick up in the North County tomorrow.
the iced Papua New Guinea is not bad
who really cares tho, like it's getting really obnoxious
Listening to Crazy Lixx's new album "Riot Avenue"...and of course I'm smiling ear to ear :) Long live sleazy hair metal!
So many new thing on the way!
Headng into the home stretch to LifeWorks NW fundraising breakfast 4/16. OAMC getting ready for large group depart for Romania. www.oamc.org
Think of your 5 best girlfriends. Statistically one of them will be sexually assaulted before she graduates college
Now following and im following u with my other account that's my record label account
mybad i should have said bye but yall was no where around
First things first, time to put some food in this empty tummy lol
Happy President's Day from Infiniti of Denver!
i hate mondays cus im here till 11
Not sure, try calling in and also request a song while you're at it!
thanks for the RT!
Best St. Patricks Day ever? The answer is probably yes.
Full installer by parts is now up to date(Nov. 2011)!
so im convinced this thing in my nose is a tumor
I dislike hypocrites. I ain't bout that life.
songs been out for a little while now, good stuff!
I knocked back one for each TD in the falcons playoff game XLV year. Good shit
Congratulations to (and our friend ) on Best New Startup of 2011!
Oh--sounds fun wld love to visit LP. When were you thinking? Sept/Oct crazy busy.
Thanks bro
‎64 teams & 9.2 quintillion combos in #MarchMadness. I have the system figured out..If you fill out enough brackets one has to be good.
Dance for you 🎶
awesome, we're down! If you want to hollar at us, hit us on Facebook... $hit gets burried on here very fast :)
I think my ears are frfrfrostbitten...
Saw a plane carrying a rocket ship today. In the air. Honestly, how the hell can that happen? #Enterprise #physics?
My birthdayy is almost here. C;
never be broke
#integrative medicine can save lives.
RT In case you didn't know, my love is the REAL DEAL!
A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities- an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties~Harry Truman
Thanks so much! Great keeping track of #c21symp from an ocean away.
The whale sounds in Boyfriend are really cracking me up! XD
; me & kristen talk. && she says its a bad idea.
RT : The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. - Ralph Nader
I knew it was your masterpiece! I said to myself "only Meg would mash 4am with quasar."
Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement. ~Brian Tracy
haha yes i am (;
Joanne retired today. It was pretty much the saddest day ever.
goodluck with that your team always seems to think its gonna lose
♥I feel so blessed for the experience & wonderful ladies I met Saturday!! Thank you ladies of the Columbus NCNW for hosting a Baby Shower.
im following lol
All you Wright Way Master Class followers we are excited for the new year, new cities and new seminars. Please join us in the new year!
Earth Day is Sunday! The Carlton is planting trees for every guest room occupied that day. Book now to have a tree planted in your honor!
you have a fb message!
Time for a change PV?
oh no! I know the feeling, though. :( there should be 360 Being Foreign On A Train just to keep all the あこがれ in fair balance.
the WHO defines "adolescence" as beginning at 10 years of age. #CPD2012 text wants 10 year olds to have "reproductive rights"
Investigator of pedophilia in the Catholic Church found with child porn. Last seen driving a car with an I ♥ Penn State bumper sticker.
Not to reduce the argument too much but that's how diversity gets thrown on POC's plate
Is there another kind of AWAKE.....besides "wide"?
Thank you.
Yes, it is turning into a kind of gridiron. But a couple very interesting questions (Pedinotti, Paik).
Former #LAPD Chief William J. Bratton always used the term cop.
This kid is a joke.
Reed signed contracts w/ Hollywood production cos. for *Pallbearers* and *Yellow Back Radio* & wrote a screen play for *Pallbearers* ...
good to see you at I am second tonight man!
missed you at the little magazine panel, but would love to meet up sometime this weekend
regular season son. Cmon now. You know better.
Lmao at that woman that say she couldn't find her dress tho
Announcing game V Chicago at 5:00. Come out to DSGP. Great day for futbol!!
Elton John - Blue Avenue
Ready to head back to SF tomorrow. Looking forward to home.
Why are there a bunch of boats out today at 8:30? I encourage it, it just seems odd for so early.
Will do. I may have free time on the weekend (May 19th or 20th) during the day.
How about a P2P system where mappings are added automatically after being looked-up by users (seamlessly via their daily internet usage)?
Could you make one for Claire she's not doing to good right now.. If u read the other tweets u will know why
The word of the day is: "Darkle" which, naturally, has the first example citing an excerpt from a Dean Koontz novella.
Where are you?!
you arent cool if you say #YOLO its all about the #YOYO!
is amazing<3
one of the more undervalued spokesperson options, NFL Sunday a ridic platform
I absolutely LOVE that you have a digital edition of the magazine!!! I miss working with you all! :)
I really don't want to be allergic to work.
Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Poland Springs Water
this is twitter. Should've said "corpulent," but had 140 characters to describe a fat, bald cop.
Invest in one another. Your community is only as strong as it's weakest link
Someone on Amazon needs to buy my books already. It's never taken this long before -___-
Very glad the picture was a rainbow...not a choked up cheezeit.
Full and sleepy but im good.Sorry to hear about ur cold,are you takin somethin 4 it?
Actually..the toilets are quite scary!
I friggin miss . Get over here. Right now. Punk.
I heard a rumor is playing #TheWantedInWisconsin while directing #WISN12 newscast. I should play it down at the desk
-- a mean one at that..
Oh Aimee! RT : His eyes crinkled in interest. “A detective in kitten heels?...I bet you ride a scooter, too.”
If I was ever given the chance to watch Niall eat food, I would probably pass out on the floor and miss everything.
Saw running through Central Park after I completed the #healthykidney10K this morning. , you are gorgeous and fit!
: Today= •Palm Sunday • April Fools Day • Having A Birthday Party With My Family <3
oh okay love you
You are our hero
I've missed walking into panda and not having to stand in line for 20 minutes.
im @ replying you! Haha
The good news: Americans have the awareness, access and ability to help. What are you doing?
Q2 ALL libraries should be doing some type of survey/evaluation. How else can we prove we're accomplishing anything?
Lunchbox would you hook up with Tina Turner if you had the chance?
he takes more time than i do..my mom is starting to question whether youre actually coming or not
Josh with his 2nd bleeder but he hit them soo hard last series, I will take it!
haha thank you
my uncle is so sick! D:
This dude ==> in comfort of his bed while I'm on the road to success he talks a big game but we'll see
#2011icf #David Peterson insights: Coaching works...Time to outcome seems to be the biggest variable...
wtf!?! how do u have 600 followers and XING has like 10???
Not during this game.
Coming to other campuses Indiana U; Florida later...
did you hear drop.io was going to be disappearing soon?
Late lunch with the ladies in the family.
RT : My fierce ancestors will get me through this!
James Allen hunt ends thanks to off-duty police officer
I love you too!!!!<3
Harry's Burritos with my awesome friends #MicahWithOutTwitter #maddiewithouttwitter 💗
I know exactly how you feel! And you're welcome. RT : Love that post-haircut feeling. Thanks !
Sometimes you have to reacquaint yourself with the written word. Like there's too many for you to peg down in any order.
I got instantly hooked to and music and I LIKE IT!!!!
I need no ocassion. . . I do it big err day err day lol.
Everytime I look up, there is somebody different staring at me...
so...who wants to write this paper for me?
happy birthday shortie
Jammin' to some ;; f*ckin' right.
I hate it when people can't walk in the sidewalk, they decide to walk IN the street 😒😠😡
RT : New initiative proposes will allow residents in #SWDetroit to buy vacant lots near their homes for $200.
i'm thinking amanda's pretty cool myself ;)
Much appreciated thanks!
Beyond pissed . I love how folks try to play me 👏👏👏👏👏😘😘 bitch
"Excuse me but, you're really cute" <-- Story of my life cx
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 79
[7 - 0] The Milwaukee Brewers scored against the NY Mets in the bottom of the 6th inning. Milwaukee Brewers 7, NY Mets 0
Fulfillment comes by having proper motivation for what you do, a motivation much bigger than just yourself.
Langemo, that's fun to say
I love the new #Brewers commercials! Way better than last year's.
Congrats to and others for a great #UWRightNow social media campaign. Really showcased the campus.
Yay! #ivotedyes RT : Just enclosed my SAG-AFTRA Merger Ballot ready to be mailed out on Monday. Of course I voted "YES"....
Something tells me the aforementioned fish was hidden in the pants. Though this is disturbing, I want to see a pic.
Who knew - Today is Hair Dryer Appreciation Day.
I wanna
Wishing everyone a great day!
Glee doing one of my favorite celine songs..
Sometimes you have to fall from the mountain to realize what you are climbing for... <3
I just found out about your " scale " for fans. If this is true, you have broken my heart nialler.
I come home and my sweet husband is sleeping to a documentary about public broadcasting
Softball game<3 I am covered in hives but I don't know why. Just gonna leave it alone cuz #YOLO hahah okey byee(:
Earn $50 or more or get gift cert. to area businesses by participating in focus groups, completing surveys or acting as a mystery shopper
Glasses and all that
Shout out to all the women in college that gave hand jobs for dining dollars last semester.
King Gorilla
PortalMastersnet - Battle ModeMushroom Grove - prisms crystal
Dec 24th Family Holiday Portrait Sessions...all proceeds being donated to Leukemia survivor undergoing chemo treatment..help out!
I pray to god for assistance and guidance through the ap exam I gotta take Wednesday Studied but I feel like I'm missing lots of details :(
Good morning sun
:P Nice Motorbike photos stealth
Hey Yogi what are your thoughts on tonights game Agianst 5Michigan St. vs. 20Indiana? Who will have the biggest impact?
thabks for following, your life sounds very inspirational!!
statements like that are why those of us who love you keep doing so!
im seeking direction in my latest buisness endevor. you are the only one to turn to. please respond via email.wont be disapointed
Just ate breakfast...I'm stuffed :(
U dont love the people you can live with its the ones u cant live without<3
S/0 to for making this a great day !
Woke up this morning and my mom wasn't here...she still isn't here. She's somewhere in the US for God knows how long.
I hope you're not holding your breath. Like Limbaugh, he's an "entertainer" and is immune to common fucking decency.
I was in Baltimore the day Discovery flew in to DC... I wish I had known, or I'd have lingered.
right now
Are you at #ArtvsCraft? Stop into watts before you leave. Three blocks west on Mason and Jefferson.
A lot of parallels to College Football in underpaid UFC story. Paid only enough to live while taking serious risks to health.
I fucking hate people.
I can finally cross "running from the police" off of my bucket list
If you had time to cheat, you had time to think about it.
Needa be studying
Ladies whats in your Pandora's Box, this coming Tuesday Dec. 21,2010, We got the hottest R&B n Hip hop artist in the building@ Shadow Room
i'm just gonna walk away from the internet for a little while until this instagram/facebook thing blows over
Kid & dad went ice skating at Red Arrow park today while I stayed home w/ baby & made lasagna. Went for jog later. Twas a very nice day.
This is for all the bitches that's hated
We will color u in paint
Thank-you Meredith Tucker and Boardwalk Empire ! WOHOO!
haha must be!
thank you my love...glad you enjoyed it!
HEY :D
lol I'm enjoying it before I get into my 30-40 hr weeks!
Don't let his idiocy mess with you. Relax, he just doesn't know any better.
Although strangely, the best prose did not = applause lines. Crowd responded to the slightly more aggressive stuff, seemed so on TV.
This Dallas weather is bipolar right now!!
I always wanted to be friends with the person I fell in love with
she's incredible. A passionate visionary.
Memories of days gone by. Mom sitting on our E.Harlem stoop @ 505 E. a hun 18. Memories of my beautiful Mother, Margaret... rest in peace.
did the world just now rediscover gifs?
Alright, dire times require desperate measures. I'm turning on the Beastie Boys mix for the #Orioles win.
We About To Get FUCKED UP!!!
Had subway & it was delicious.
Watching the keynote this fine morning.
it's true don't ever feel that way :)
Yes, I can see exactly how Alien Phenomenology would make good airplane reading! (How does a tray table experience the seat?)
#FF my sweet friends
Don't give up the fight Dax. Love your work on Parenthood man!
Really great work on the Whole Vision diagram yesterday - and the relaunch!
To err is human, to arr is pirate.
"So go rest your bones, little girl, you've had a hard day out in the world" - Sirens of SIlence
Just got home had so much fun at the concert.. Loved seeing Jasmine, Justin, and Jaden.. you guys rocked!!!
Cant wait to get this root canal out of the way tomorrow so I can really start working out
Yup, Mpls. What will you be here for? Stop by if you have time.. I'm happy to give you a tour, just let me know. :)
Thanks! You're great too!
If this rain turns to snow that'll be one inconvenience but if it turns to ice tonight...tomorrow will be one big pileup. Yikes.
Pot Ledom! That's Top Model backwards! #ANTM :D
i just moved most of my life to evernote as well. what do you use for your task lists?
Celebrating both Valentine's Day and my #book release!! Check it out on Amazon & B&N. Soon to be in digital form too.
Shooting for the new MJCD online video series begins tonight!!! Stay tuned for more details.
Yulsman: If climate doesn't follow current projections, it doesn't mean climate change is bunk. Just means it's more complicated
Critics are taking shots at state funded website. Giving what they call advice on abortion. Story at 6:00 on
We need to check the Book of Revelation to see what happens now. RT : Why'd Snooki have to go and get pregnant? Why?
Mention me for a follow back
ugh...so not happy about track season being over for me...but at least i can still go to the meets and practices!! :)
School then meet in Quincy for districts! Okay bye twitter
Hey guys jus dropped by this account to say hello *waves* been a while^^ once again I started a PA account so please follow my new c-
Ok , I'm going!! Lol! Asshole;)
it's all about the burgers & brews. We'll see you soon!
I literally cannot take the people inside Walmart right now lmfao.
Im faking tired! To much working ....good money tonight tho
What happens them, you become Mrs. Pell?
Nothing is predestined: The obstacles of your past can become the gateways that lead to new beginnings.Ralph Blum
anything in the works for next month?
Waving goodbye to Ausitn & #sxswi! See ya next year.
Hard hit fly to deep left center brings home another run, 5-0 bottom of 3rd:) Almost turned a triple but the run was sweet.
We put here in New York this weekend. We'll be at Dunkxchange in Manhattan on Sunday 1-9!!!! Come get some gear if you're in New York.
Is it better to follow the plan or to follow the schedule ?
SPY BUNNY! Brilliant!
anymore numbers??
Word. RT : You should definitely follow if you're interested in food, Portland and/or awesomeness.
Haha RT : used to bully me ??
Make sure you're drinking enough water and getting rest. I get the worst headaches when I don't.
Thank you so much! We're all looking forward to a new year of unity.
that awkward moment when ? doesnt follow his best friends microphone
The Goodwill GoodGuides shoot went well. Off to post.
Another opponent that John might have us lord tensi
Do the #Grizzlies take this back to Memphis for Game 7? If you can guess by how much, I'll toss you a free item of your chose. RT
kurt cobain's music sucked, end of story.
or A-whoop day A$$ til they knoe how it feels
the day I withdraw from social media will be the best day of my life
If one of your tweets are in my favorites, I probably like you or thought the tweet was so stupid lol
Pre-celebrating Cinco de Mayo at soccer taco with #fiestatime 🇮🇹
Until we focus on prevention, we r still accepting that the sexual abuse of children is inevitable. It is NOT.
Taking Twitter mobile to the show in Indianapolis. See you there!
Label in Austin wants to sign me! WHAT WHAT!!! We shall see...
URBAN GRIND. ROCKED. Check. ONWARD TO RED LIGHT NEXT WEEK!!!
Awesome! Hope both are fun pieces to work on :)
Damn the man. Save the empire.
Thanks for the follow Frank I was in construction for 15 years, if I can ever do anything for you please let me know
“: in oUr historY the most brilliant people were Once, if noT inItially branDed as crAzy.😜👀” 👍
Support !Watch home-grown #Milwaukee #highschool b-ball players in a one-kind tourney at next game tips off
MINOR/MAJOR - TV ON THE RADIO TOUR doesn't feel like a short because there was such a massive volume of satisfying content
I've always said Winkie Frownie, because it's disturbing to read. It's like a sad/sexy version of a brownie.
Thanks very much guys. It means a lot to me.
no worries-just checking! have a great day!
Congratulations to our Domestic Grant winners MIT's Fighting World Hunger and North Carolina Millennium Development Project!
No #OKCTrivia tonight - but to make up for it. We're bringing you 100 Bones TONIGHT from 8pm - 11pm!
Christi Orgeron gets her first hit of the tournament with a solo home run to put the Cajuns up 1-0 in the first.
You saw the best in me :)
sleep is overrated
why the
Yes!! I'm going in May!!
That says a lot since you live with ...
woohoo!! Family time, here we come.
Chicago bound!
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
#FF MORE of our new followers
hope you guys make it.....
ty rosey! ...it's on lock, but has already started.
13 years in the biz and still one of the most talked about women in the world..#BritneyXFactor! You're favs could never!
I wish I lived at LA or Tronto.
Dance like THE WIND, Greeny. But, uh, just not like Golic's wind, okay?
verly good top of the morning to ya down under from 2 countries, and three states.
Im wide awake now that orlando scared the living shit out of me
About to take a shower
Did I just hear Santorum criticize Iran for trampling the rights of gays, or was that a glitch on my livestream?.
I promise NOT to klll Billy Chambers. -Huck
yep, still
thought I was gonna quit smoking. didn't go so well
I love when customers don't tip me it just makes my shift perfect #lovepeople 😒
This is great. It's like, hiking without actually having to.....hike.
what's up fam?
Look for Farewell Fighter at Warped Tour! They'll b at all the dates!
21 Jump Street! Ready to laugh my ass off.
The moment when you start to see progress >>>>
Will ever follow me? I hope soo :)
Its on entertainment tonight right?! D: ~23days<3x~
Did you go to Spelman?
Looking through these tweets, it really upsets me that there are actually people who want Jessica to be in the bottom two.
RT - Woohooo! Football! The Jacksonville Jaguars new white jerseys look nice!
AND..... Now you are blocked. Good bye.
any idea why i always have to check my todo item twice in chrome? w7 using chrome app shortcut. no big deal, just a minor annoyance
mother nature fucked up my night.
We would love to come into a large sum of money if anyone would like to assist us with that. #ifithelpswe'renice
best bang for your buck = David SunFlower Seeds !
I am totally resisting the urge to DM you.
I'm good, thank you very much..
If #occupyburque protesters can't get beat by cops in #abq, they clearly are not doing it correctly
Thanks Brother. Big meetings tomorrow. I will hit you up.
:) publicists hold all the power I guess... Can't wait to see what you guys have for us.
Good to know the feeling's reciprocated, though at least I'm a little more professional and only call her The Bitch on Twitter ;)
well, im happy everything is going well
Aient i laughing at these haters tryn to take a shot at me....
someones having a good day ha
xD lol yea i do n i thought u knew o_O
Today: We are EXPERTS at getting your child to take medicine! We can flavor, put in a Popsicle or lollipop – you name it! Call 412-681-6
I'm packing in plastic bags again...
It is also important not to loose focus on the difficult transition our sisters and brothers endure in the mideast. They must be defended.
Trying to priceline hotel rooms for upcoming East Coast shows. Thank heavens for priceline.
The Notorious B.I.G "When I met you I admit my first thoughts was to trick You look so good huh, I suck on your daddy's dick"
I'M CRYING. RT north america you are up first. get ready. #BELIEVEtour next week! LEGGO
try wondering where the last 11 went!
Colliers South Florida has been named in the Top 5 Commercial Real Estate Brokerages by the South Florida Business Journal's Book of Lists!
mike says to tell you hhhuuuunnnttteeerrrrrrrrr!
I just flipped off a squirrel. Yeah, that's right. He had it coming.
RT - Larry Johnson signs with the Miami Dolphins one of my favorite running backs of all times...
Deuteronomy 10:18 "He defends the cause of the fatherless and the widow, and loves the alien, giving him food and clothing."
Thanks 4 sharing
behind pauly d
Central is a feast for the eyes, but Northeast is walking distance from home. Plus, there's a good burrito joint up the street.
You're welcome- likewise - I look forward to learning from you and your content - thanks...
omfg your picture is gorg fosure:) lol as me and christian would say
#SomeWhereOutThere is a person like me who hasn't eaten McDonalds in 6 years. Cheers to you yo
good luck in New York Tim Tebow! We'll see you in the AFC Championship...
I really need to delete a few people...why would I care that you're on the toilet? Where the hell is that unfollow button!
It was shitting out a strange character that wasn't actually present in the code due to a newline situated next to a />
i love love love This Town Needs Guns. which is your favourite Animal? xo
I know, I miss you & #girlsmediachat too. ooh wee. I really need to talk to you. You free now?
I know that now
Aw, jeez. Thank you! Now and I all owe you a drink! Which, actually, would be a hella fun happy hour.
Hey Marie, now following! I have a show idea that I'd love to email or DM you! ;)
Thanks for the follow, keep up the "good work"
Back to Eugene: land of mediocre women
Just to long came in from Senses. Lol had them niggas jocking but didn't want any of them finna eat my footloops then its off to bed
Thank you :o)
My Birthday is Tomorrow!!!!!! hope everybody says happy birthday to me ^_^
waiting for my brother to arrive.... yeah camping/atving
GIS is a practical system for Problem Solving, using Intelligent Maps to identify issues, add context and tell a story.
N i cant buy a drink til midnight 😒.
That sounds very un-yoga-like.
Love may not make the world go round, but it sure makes you dizzy
Morning, glad I'm not driving downtown today.
Time and memory are true artists; they remold reality nearer to the heart's desire. -John Dewey
Tanya Plibersek is my MP and I am proud of her today ...
One lane of Northbound 29 is closed near airport from house fire nearby.
Who is stoked to eat turkey this week?
I miss you more and more with each passing Asian tourist. =P
Try looking at the actual app there might be a block link. There is a way
RT : Who says Twitter isn't educational? I just learned that today is National Popcorn Day.
Barbara, Jessica and Johanna shoot for Paul Mitchell today!
I don't understand! Everyone is getting one! What does it mean?!
at this point it doesnt even make sense to sleep
A happy day, I get to do some golfing!!!
Wow. It's late. But I shall squeeze in some more homework because I'm feeling productive.
yeah what happened Ben?
Hop-on Starts Shipping Disposable Electronic Cigarettes Follow (HPNN) on Twitter and Facebook and Get Free Sample
'cuse in a close one. Zone may cause some struggles. “: thoughts, prediction on thursday's game?”
I want to se that film!!!!!
God is not one of my sources, He is my ultimate source!!
Don't go to bed without watching episode 3! www.terriblepeopleshow.com
Help us get to 200 followers by Oct 1! Please retweet and visit www.stage773.org !
About to go enjoy a nice bromance night with the homies over !
The TV lives to see another day. Thanks, Don Kelly.
Headed to Emilys Cafe in Baltimore for the grand opening COK and HLb benefit
i love my mom and all... but like.. DON'T MAKE ME GO TO MY GRANDMA'S TODAY... THEY ARE SERVING SLOPPY JOE'S
#FF MY SEXY BFF's: They're #FAMAZING! <33
He's my #bboy & I'm his #littlechef :3
Just finished my last final of my last class of my last year of college. Now what?
Dude just called me in a tree, 3 stories up! Very hot!
Debbie Adler, of Sweet Debbie's Organic Cupcakes, speaks at Food Allergy & Anaphylaxis Network meeting in Westlake Village, May 2 @ 7 p.m.
Single, at prom, still had a great time! Now to after prom to have an even better time!!!
The whole stickK team is supporting you!
'The Lion King' Dethrones 'Phantom' Nearly 15 years after it made its debut to both critical and popular acclaim, "The Lion King" has top
thanks bud. ;o)
Don't you ever get tired of having you around?
The fuck!!! really.
Just arrived for 1st assignment with AP at #Coyotes game.
if u guys got the Yankees winning all those awards,y not have them winning their division
How flattering to have WGN's own Johnny B. start following the twitter!
This Nigga on travel channel be eating animal penises&testicles like it's nothing!! Can somebody please tell him this aint FEAR FACTOR???
If you haven't seen High School Musical... you probably had no childhood.
starts at 4pm. come get sunny munny :)
Carroll Shelby was also one of our greatest exponents and connoisseurs of America's unofficial national dish: *chili*!
The mix is just as crucial as any production, just like the color can make or break an edit
Do they (the refs) just not like ?!
Sell Privately? Or Use a Real Estate Agent? Homeowners always are looking for the best way to sell your home. When you sit down and consi
Do you struggle to speak under pressure? Get tips from Sandy Bjorgen on Wed Jan 25 bit.ly/z8Ab7D
oh man! That is so NOT fun 😷 I hope you feel better as well!!
Vote Batman for Homecoming
RT : Entertainment legend, Dick Clark, passed away from a #heartattack. Our thoughts are with his family & friends.
I'm addicted to RuPaul's Drag Race! I just LOVE it.
Oh, and my 3 year old daughter LOVES #Super8, too!! {{HUGS}}
Well hold on now. Some Ricky Gervais cartoon nutso stuff on Let's set up Kerry's iPad another day! This is better and easier.
LMAO oh boy he did the bullshit -.-
: Glad to hear our gummy vitamins helped; thanks for spreading the word!
pretty easy dayy... i like those dayys
Heavy on the Van Halen too.
Thanks :) Sometime it's the little things in life.
Last chance to get the mani/pedi special! Call now to get yours before they run out!
For those who have thought: I wonder what Erikka thought about this week in politics...check out tonight Ch.8 8 & 11pm
Man. RIP Yauch. Sad times.
😌 yeah that's right
YAY! that works :)
Sry about your bike, but glad c2g could help! RT had my bike stolen in downtown this weekend, #car2go saved my life that night.
Oh we mean it! #wholelattelove back at ya :)
Not sure I'm worth following. My tweets: Chicago stuff, ancient Greek, lotsa baseball. Been resisting having multiple accounts.
I don't care what all those iPhone haters say! My iPhone 4 is the bomb!!!! I lovee my my new iPhone!!!
hows your day going?
Twitter chief Dick Costolo met with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as Internet age technologies play growing roles in world affairs.
RT : Loving my daily post-lunch 7:01am from I drink it about 7 hrs off from its namesake, but hey, it works!
"Cut him some slack. Who could resist not eating your face?" omg I love you awndrayah.
i must say that you are much nicer than Clay's whig. lol
Happy birthday !
The hilarious moment when someone tries to make you jealous, and you actually don't give a fuck.
“: see you soon ;)” good seeing you ladies. Thanks for coming to visit.
M Reese's Chips Ahoy :)
i had a CONFIDENCE backfire moment. I went to the wrong building for my final, showed up late for the exam
": #ThatOnePersonInSchool who whisper the answer when a teacher asking you a question." you're welcome Evan Dowling.
what are you doing tonight
where's the like button when you need it? :)
You r a genuinely sweet person & we like that ! BIG "Howdy" fr Ur fans in #GA ~ Enjoy Ur Holiday Season <3 The Davis Fam ~
they're the best and I can't wait to meet them in a few weeks :)
I've been lagging on tweets. Working on lyrics. Hitting up the gym. Devouring a lot of chicken. Saw Where The Wild Things are..so good!
EDSITEment is looking for an answer to what apps would benefit middle school students
G'morning have a beautiful day! Xo
Anytime! Hope all is well w/you. RT : Thanks for the follow and good for you on the foundation and business!
my thoughts exactly ! Lol text me fool
Your Cute(;
Y do niggaz have kids but dnt take care of em sorry ass nigga
Woody wins. Has only been to the #Oscars once after the 9/11 attacks. He was personally asked to be there to support New York.
Completely changed my hair ideas for this summer again. Should be cool :D
Got to love diners! ": "Have we made culinary decisions?"-Old Man at diner for the fifth time tonight."
"steeler of best friend!"
and we love you! 
OMG!!! My heart srsly just stopped beating. ICONic Bouz are gonna be on ABDC next week!!
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
noone! I just want to woop it out and beat tha crap out of someone with it! ;)
Going to c avengers @ 4:25
If I didn't love you, I would have something very snippy to say to you right now #jealous See you this evening!
Hope everyone is enjoying their holiday weekend! It's a beautiful day out on Alamitos Bay! Come enjoy a ride!
We miss em! RT:How McCoy wasn't taken as top-5 NFL pick, I'll never know? The kid's a flat winner-looking gr8 against my NYJets
Totally going to get an hour of sleep! Awesome!
I know I am probably just influenced by yesterday and today's events, but I thought the whole thing was a little homoerotic.
Scared money dont make money
♥ RT : Your welcome ^.^ RT : All I can say is thank you.. For everything you've done .
Omg its taking forever to park at the hardrock! Ugggghhh!
thanks for choosing us for your dinner spot! We hope you enjoyed it!!
Oh I think I love that boy Do anything for that boy...<3
I am sorry about the delay. We have our Annual Shareholders Meeting tomorrow followed by a Board of Directors meeting.
Are we doing the web 2.0 kiosk again this year? Because I'd like to do it/recruit people to do it.
": Is ND men's Lax winnin or losing??"big win mr floyd next saturday they play va at noon in phill
"Im No Role Model, Don't Idolize Me Idolize Jesus"
Anacostia is a beautiful neighborhood with wonderful neighbors..a great place to live..come join us!
It makes me feel better mentally, although sometimes it's painful physically, lol. I think it helps everyone.
Trouble can't you see?
Anyone going to opening weekend at the ga ren fair this weekend? Half price tickets!
So glad, , for the follow. Thank you!
SUP BEACHES!
Absolutely! Being a photographer has brought me places to see things that money can't buy.
wtf how does one get those people to play a show at their high school
Prepping for the Manhattan Monologue Slam (www.mmslam.com)? Check out the selection at MonologuesToGo.com!
To evrbody dat watched the nino brown documentary, how u like it? Tweet back cuz I gotsta know
I don't but Nate Wright knows some people there. I will call him...
So the new guitar is a martin?
The co. dont want you to pay the bill. And we see a big bill & don't know how to negotiate are resolution or affordable terms
After more than a decade in the Warner Bros. family, Reprise SVP of Promo Mike Rittberg is leaving.
meanie head! You have cooties!
1-0! Verlander picks up right where he left off.
The mom from cyberbully reminds me a lot of my mom.. :)
OMG R UY SERIOUS
Watching the game on 1 ! What are you DOING FBF ? HOLLA BACK !
oh! Can't wait to hear all about it!
Bill Leavy is a terrible ref. Just plain bad.
don't do it!
Where are you guys from?
Would love to hear more about your social media class.
Hello! Arts community in AZ is IMPRESSIVE.
Delt A squad victory tonight. Just the first of many.
U think they might have used the Buddy Pass to go to Germany to see ED ROBINSON perform LOL
Jake said he might make another twitter
Hi Dana!! I hope your enjoying the class!!
Hope things get better for you soon.
I think being GRAND is what I do best!
I loved all the questions. Ya'll are smart cookies.
So I deleted one of my MySpace profiles! You proud?
Phillip Phillips, I bet you're a real catch. Will you let me reel you in? You don't want to win American Idol anyway right?
I can do this FUCK THE WORLD N EVERYONE IN IT :(
With my Cousin!;<3![:
Hiccups. Nice.
Fireworks were kindaa amazing, all in amazing company <3
I think they put out these reports to discourage visitors but anyone who can walk down can see beach is open and in use.
Here's to making new friends and making better friends with old ones.
NLD had a big day of meetings on Capitol Hill with key members of congress! We are ready to see user sign ups multiply w/ their support!
“: Who's hotter Theo or Peter?” me
My dogs like liking peoples heads!(: Nastier??
It's doors, show at 9
I know you've been hurt by.. someone else
raining in WA county/Beaverton line
"There is a strange pecking order among actors. Theater actors look down on film actors, who look down on TV actors. Thank God for...
It's a Mom's World. We're all just livin' in it. Happy Mother's Day.
emmett and dwayne are headed your way!!
ah so r u done with homework
Looking for someone who understands Robet Puddys Launch Formula Marketing . Anyone out there ?
I hope for both staff and patrons. Your team rocks!!!
The time when your actually tired and you want to go to sleep but you just caint :(
Off to meetings... Hope everyone has a productive day.
The conversations we hsve <<<<<<
please follow me:)
Uh...I dunno who you are, but looking at your picture tells me I should O_o
1 year ago today I met Who knew he'd completely change my life? <3
I hate being the #SideChick :/
Stuck in a rut, 20 sleepless hour filled days.. Goodnite
hi Niall how was your morning :D
When? That's all I have to say anymore, When?
I loved the entire 2nd floor as their exhibits. I do wish I could've seen remedios varo.
tell Binny that i hope he has a happy birthday!
Today For the Last Air Up There we Having a Sale for the Dopiest Concert Series Ever #TAUT; DON'T SLEEP
Thanks for the ReTweet! I appreciate it. www.timhovde.com
OMG KITTY IN THE LIBRARY! YAYS! (Cute shoes, by the way.)
I just wanted to tell all of you followers how much I appreciate you. :) Thanks for the love.
Woo! Go, Ed Herman!
tough battle of the remote to lose
oh word
well, whenever you're back in san diego (or maybe you are here) you can look at my ass
“Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier.” Mother Teresa
Just made kik : colleenashleyy add me :)
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust5555
#RESPECT Yes He DID!! RT : GASP! THE BUTLER DID IT DIRTY!!!! POWER by
Watching married with children at work. So funny
Where are you, ?
Can I please get a follow Kendall? :D it'd sure make me happy!
Hi M,) Ill be the first one in your class lol been posting you 4 years,) I'll post for you prior to your visit,) Jonni Armani
u do tho it was fire
I'm sayin! LOL We're working on that! ;-)
RT : · : Activists hope to use YouTube videos as evidence to hold the regime accountable
I'm thinking of throwing a party in my entire apartment complex :o 4 beer pong tables, 2 flip cup tables. Fridge full of beer. Hm.
Paul revere
Yay! Which ones?
28 days til the warm sandy beaches of Belize!! Can not wait!
idk he might be he might not and i dont wanna have a bunch of people bothering him....
New tiny wings high score 332,316 BOO YA
Did u think that white rapper was really freestylin? Or was it rehearsed?
Hi Joshua, thanks for the article! I wanted to let you know BL is totally free to fans, there is no transaction fee.
Congratulations to Freddy for hitting our #Progressive #RoyalFlush off his first deal for $2,246! -Shelly at Ann Rd.
Now that we're in section 126 I feel so exclusive!
hm, updates?? My iPhone apps were wonky until I updated the operating system.
Margaret is well worth it if you can make it. Last day is Thursday. It is intense.
I got lots of fresh air!
San Diego Tweeps...Rumor has it my hubby & boys will be on NBC news at 11pm talking about hidden $ worries with online games.
I sincerely hope nothing bad happens to the guy demoing concrete stairs with a jack hammer across the street on saturday when I have a cold.
Whats up with the association roster updates
The real question is whether or not I'll be able to find my American flag bow tie.
Yes, they've shown that a mother's body will respond when her baby cries, even if they are miles apart. They are still connected
Was just about to pass out on the train and then 'turn my swag on' came on in the headphones. Game changer.
I swear, Twitter goes down more than a Stripper...
#inappropriatefuneralsongs B.I.G WHO SHOT YA!! LOL
Yes he is!
so, that's a yes, then?
Everyone Follow She wants Followers
Did anyone get invite from Obamaabarak on twitter? Check the spelling first.
I miss talking to the people i used to talk to
Today I'm working on my performance evaluation paperwork, which entails taking stock of a lot of my past, including student evaluations.
I party all night long , ♥ !
it's good to have realizations. like the one that tells you that you've been studying music for over 14 years & you know how to identify it.
You've got a knack.
Today I saw a 7th grader that had more makeup on than some people that go to high school. That's just wrong
cool! We see it tomorrow for another event. We should go back later and take the red heads!!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i think i'm outta songs! :P i'm gonna do some BME and D12 now
Open today at 1:30 for IU Big Ten Tourney game-game starts at 2:00. #beer, #pizza &
Special tweet out to my baby girl who turns 16 in the morning. Happy Birthday Maki!!
I am a huge proponent of storing crying babies with the luggage
thanks for the retweet. Be sure to click the link and like the page as well! Praying to reach a goal by the month's end.
Thx Jon Choi for becoming my blog's follower, rounding it's number to 300 and support my writing and the artists I write about.
thanks for the RT! Let me know when have a show/opening/event & I'll help get the word out :)
M Frito pie at Baja Taco in my hometown!
If Soriano does nothing this year but fuck the #Cardinals over, I'll be happy.
Evan Longoria Injury: How you can replace him? | Fantasy Baseball ...
Where? Apparently we need someone to make a website to track tater tots. RT : Tater tots stuffed with cheese and bacon?
#QuoteOfTheNight "Juicy! Don't get pregnant! Cause you know why? You're gonna get bored, drink Jameson, and watch American Idol!" LoL!
“There is something delicious about writing the first words of a story. You never quite know where they’ll take you.” -Beatrix Potter
sorry it didnt work the first time but it should be there now.
Haha that's really funny, ah our "Lumbee Hall" is called The White House... some things never change!
THERE MAKING ANOTHER MADAGASCAR MOVIE. #LifeMade. (;
thanks! Looking forward to introducing him to my musical collection. Any recommends are welcome...
Police lining up around edge of Vietnam Vets, speaker says "know that this decision is your own"
AMANDA KNOX MURDER CONVICTION OVERTURNED!!!!...Choose Faith, Family, Friends and STRENGTH.. CHOICE defines who you are.. BE CHOOSEY!!!
Time to go feel some PAIN!!
Thanks for following :). xoxo
Cant wait to be a godmom.!
Hi everyone! Who is here?
Whenever I say "I hate everyone" & then tell my friend, "accept you, of course." I lie. I hate you too
Who's keeping the "cajones" score, now? Erica?
ladies your beautiful so stay beautiful<3
two semesters after graduation!
We're on our way!
Agreed, I have def noticed that. Problematic because takes much longer than they needs to. Simple phone call is efficient!
they're choke artists
Now THAT stinks! :(
Hm. I use peanut butter and real maple syrup. You should try it.
Alright TwitNation legit question: Please tell me that The Polk Family was not the only family that put sugar in our Grilled Cheese sandwich
Check out some of my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus763
Your icon though:O
Don't take your independence for granted. Helping others achieve that is the best part of my job - Jennifer Vigran CEO
Day 30: pleasure in production! such joyful generativity! to be so seen & heard!--it is why I will
I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM MAN DEM, I CAN DO IT LIKE A MAN DEM, SUGA SUGA SUGAAA
hey! I'll be in ny in June :) just booked the bitter end
If they had a hunger games competition for the director to do the sequel, who would win? I'm thinking Oliver stone cuz he was in the army
i feel like I haven't seen you with the guys in ages :/
Back in the day when I stayed in on a Saturday night the Tequila industry would suffer mass lay offs.
well you got your first ones out of the way, you are ready. Nobody cares what I say but I do anyway. Ha
my thought exactly!!!!
millions of teenage girls don't know who Jerry Rice is.
I like this Jason Vargas. I hope he never meets the Jason Vargas I know.
sounds like they are too strong, or you have been wearing glasses for a very long time, try sitting in dim light for a min
for starters im not goin...second I have no way to get backstage!
I used way too much bleach to clean my eyes are burning 😖😷
Caught a chipmunk this AM. That's more than 20 in the last two years! Released it near the school when I dropped my daughter off.
Inspiring interview and super cool work, Dave. I am following (cc )
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u. You just failed!!!
Will Smith on his biggest money grab ever. MiB3, Bad Boys 3, I Robot 2, Hancock 2. Good job. DJ Jazzy Jeff lives behind a KFC dumpster
"little by little you fade while I fall apart"
Who wants to see me tired as fuck right now?:)
My eBay Black Metal-shirt buying obsession knows no bounds.
Some of the most generous things people can do are those which you don't ask for
((((Holy Spirit Hugs to everyone)))) I <3 You!
RT Sveum plans to meet with Epstein and Hoyer to discuss Volstad's rotation spot and potential options.
Thanks to everyone who came in the last couple hrs & took advantage of the $1 scoop special. Shhh we let more than 5 people in on the deal!
Really enjoying the PATINS workshop. Great stuff!
I did but she was confused about a coupon so I gave it her anyway
part of the problem is that I have to use something that is free of dyes and fragrance.
time to hack it ;)) RT : i cant find my phone idk if i left it in your car -__-
The 9th Year is going to be my best year yet DEMONIC!!!
We got new lines painted on our parking lot!! Ok, that may be lame--but it's a big deal to us.
giants for choice for the limited
I'm in LA in a couple days... swapping states with I'm missing my dude's show! Will be back in time for Hard Rock on the 20th.
LOL Can't wait for postgame handshake. Gonna laugh when Sean Payton beats Jim Schwartz with his crutches.
stop being dead so we can go visit our boys in oob soon!
#FF are great follows. By all means check them out.
baby Engum looking at a Nissan - "that's a nice Porsche!".. freshman.
Just trying to keep going...
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance
specifically to reference "future research needed" in a scholarly article. using it to frame my interest in their program.
Its a winter wonderland!
Kobe calls out Gasol and Bynum for lack of effort. Since he said it to their face too, does that make it okay?
After tweeting "All Out of Love", I must ask, what is the best Air Supply song? And please do not tell me you haven't pondered this question
If you give a mouse a cookie, make sure there isn't any chocolate in it because his heart will probably explode..
naw I just changed the name
RT : RT : said "Wow ur website is so beautiful" I said, it's all thanks to
Have you ever received a lighting fixture as a gift? What was it and where did you put it?
My new religion is Daoism.
People just need to be quiet sometimes
RT We'll know for sure when Gemologist blows past him on Sunday! :-) Love our South FL horses!
I know my step brother owns a crossfit gym in anchorage haha
Sherry Darling! Valster
Call me
Today is the furniture/display sale. 11am!! We have some great things at great prices!!
“: Happy valentines day gorgeous! <3” Happy Valentines Day! <3
Sounds like you've done a lot of work to develop your tone. Would love to pick your brain!
RT All I do all day is diet and exercise. No time for anything else!
Larkin is def a HOF'r. The man changed the ss position, offensively. Can't argue 5 tools.
we heard a shooting in pittsburgh last night. cops were running like crazy towards it we were so close to it.
My line in the sand is getting the publication wrong. "This would be great for Politico" is a bad way to pitch The Hill.
i wish could talk about the nfl without getting a
Happy Valentine's Day to all my followers! Have a great day.
Off to Dennys!
Wow thought had all of that one, looked so good.
Watching Ghost.
I haven't heard back from Stacy or Jay yet...
Habitat to open gallery at King's Road store Habitat is to house an exhibition space at its King’s Road, London store.
Sorry chica, one of these days I promise! I'm a busy gal, as I'm sure you are too :)
:( I know all about it.
I just wanna lay down but I'll have no time before move outs. And day duty and then class
So jealous and proud of right now. I want to talk to
I need to watch that show and see what all the fuss is about
RT : Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter takes us right up to NFL free agency.
Just chilling at work..gettin off at 3 n then some madden time.Damn can't wait for nba 2k11.. gonna b sick
In what pookie :(
RT : Coming up this Saturday, 1:30 @ MplsCtrl Library: Taiko Drumming w/ ! Get a taste w/this YouTube clip:...
the way you talk about yourself in #thebookofsoul is astonishing. #TDE all day. keep being a hippie.peace and love
that's a startling line - what's the book?
Almost lost something #Amazing. #Lifelesson number 3 on how to learn to cherish your blessings.
Just heard Gravity Rides Everything get played at this brewery. My FAVORITE song.
Delays. B.S.!
ALL the /Childish Gambino stuff is GONE EVERYWHERE.
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government. ~ Alexander Hamilton
Praying for the #NEXT category Please RT to help out.
massive pasta carbohydrate goodness.
that works for me! Doesn't have to be fancy lmao
You're asking stupid, pointless questions. It's a waste of my time to answer. The POTUS is an American citizen. Period.
that was a pretty awesomely cool show minus all of the trash that was there!
Man I Don't Care Cotto Can Do this And If He Loses Ima Still Go For Him : ) Puerto Rico !
When she graduate , im leaving !
Preparing 4 Friday's sport psychology workshop with 30 Swimming coaches. Focusing on getting swimmers in their Ideal Performance State -IPS
gasp! hadn't heard! when is it, doll?
omg that was the most depressing thing ive ever read in my life... but thanjs for showing me x
Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever...
I just sent you an email in response to your HARO query looking for experts – please look for a note from Lindsey Serhan!
My little Everett was struck by a car backing out of its driveway. Just a few scrapes on his arms and legs. He had his Nutcase helmet on!
What a foggy Joseph Cornell-y day. Perfect for first read of Hotel Cassiopeia
Just got from the meetin' w/ my momma. Now at Popeyes gettin' me some food. . ! Fenna smash this & Pizza Hut! Aye <3 #Swagg!
Scarf Bandanna | Womens Accessories
Who can help him out? || RT : Has anyone used unify cms? Thoughts?
Lean on me
The iTriage team had a great time in Austin! Thanks for a successful event!
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
Act as though it is impossible to fail
The worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument, you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
yes. I tried to find it on iTunes but I didn't found it. If you download can u tell me from where so I can download it too? :-)
Game 7, go hard or go home, no tomorrows in the playoffs
yes yes yes yes <3
Sending good thoughts. Hugs to you.
oh but it is past my bedtime! Early to bed and early to rise!
$XOMA down 76% YTD. When will they turn it around?
…Also: If MSFT owns the streaming rights for MGM movies, then they could drive other studios to lower prices for Netflix, Vudu, etc.
i wasn't talking about that ! I was talking about the ones before !
Same here. I look forward to linking with you. “: nice to meet you via ”
If happily ever after does exist.
OH in the office: "I just like the idea of being part of a petting zoo" (re: RBMS Conference Technology Petting Zoo)
Attending Conference? We'll be at Booth # 921. Stop by to see live demonstrations of DonorPro Connect and FriendRaising!
God put us here on this carnival ride. We close our eyes, never knowing where it'll take us next.
to Robert's number or to yours?
Is Looking Forward To Being A Guest On Steve Gross's Radio Show Today! "Gross Reality with Steve Gross" Discussing Networking
so the "my very educated mother just served us nine pizzas" is now "my very excellent mother just served us noodles." i miss pluto :(
Next glamorous travel destination: Kansas City, MO! Jealous yet?
Spectacular only could've been better 4 me is if I was there!Cum bk 2Chi Look @ my bio bout trance journey (edit)
The time needs to change back soon... It's only 6:57 but it's so dark outside. I thought it was getting late...
I'm just getting home.
Lucky forever.
RT if you miss 's tweets
worshipful imitation of our Saviour
JUSTICE FOR #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!! stop #homeless murder by
Thanks Fam much respect.
Nothing better than spending an impossibly sunny ca day inside a dark studio with a head full brain candies
You too! >> : Tracey, thanks for mentioning me in your tweet! Have a wonderful weekend!
Just got off of the best job ever
kiss you till you feel the truth
Anyone see any good YA book trailers lately? Care to share?
so glad situation seems under control. Sending love and positive energy to you and your family!
What a beautiful morning
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
Maybe my tastes have become more mainstream, but I'm excited to hear the new Jack White and new Dr. John.
Sometimes I just don't want to talk about tentacle rape in the carpool.
today, while teaching, i heard the phrase "he can wreck some fools" come out of my mouth.
how old r u jade?:)
Nervous bout procedure on spinal injs found in neck. its been a long time coming...
If you win you should start vlogging your next steps. That would be so amazing to watch!!
When will the judging stop?
I was just on Emily's Facebook & saw some girl posted 'Nicki Minaj seriously needs to die' ...... bitch why you mad?
Won't do it
So much to do before then like become an NPR star.
I actually have no excuses. I'm watching Jurassic park and thinking about how I would go Jurassic on dat asssssssassss
R U in Vegas? We need prepackaged baskets! e mail me at
ok I think I want sex now
Makes sense. I've already had to replace the battery once because it blew out the bottom of the computer. Thanks for info.
This time next week I will be getting settled into the new place. There's so much to do that my head just might explode. Inhale/exhale...
& the follower thing. Just because you have over 1,000 followers does NOT mean you're God. If someone tweets you, you should respond or RT.
I always thought he was saying doo doo jump. I can honestly say I learned something today.
Movies are on point tonight. I'll be up for hours
Playing NCAA on PS2... Getting my game plan ready for Saturday.
That awkward moment when you're taking a picture of your food to post it on twitter & everyone's just staring at you.
I like how mentioned in his tweet haha X^D it would be funny if she actually saw that tweet lol
i'm Mahomie forever!!!....
and the winner between the iphone 4S and Droid Razr Maxx is... :: drum roll:: ... Droid.
What can I post here to make my Twitter really interesting? I start talking & then I'm already almost out of space :(
Well , we Never Rlly Saw Eachother anymore, & we Just Needed A Break!!
so yes? (not 2 b pushy)
I just cleaned my room for the past four hours it's spotless though lol
Did you see any tarantulas? It's mating season! Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
Great I hope you enjoyed it, I did! It's pretty cheap on Amazon about 11.99 or something!
I don't hate it... I just want to go back!
When will my reflection show Who I am inside?
Where does a woodsman keep his pigs?In his hog cabin!
Really enjoyed a Dark 'n Stormy (Bermuda rum & ginger beer). I think we have a new hurricane tradition.
Bored out my flocking mind
sounds good. Thanks
ikr that would be nice and Harrys.
easy.....hes sorry!
Time magazine cover, the true example of a titty baby, ehhh, I mean toddler.
Peaceful Litigation Settlement - Can also include marital agreements such as pre and post nuptials.
Then my best friend and the same two chicks asked me if I was a virgin. When I said yes they laughed. My freakin' best friend laughed at me.
i love when people talk about my relationship.
Such a party!
Can we make Jake a twitter? Cc
#vaumc11 Bishop Whitaker laying down the law! Telling the truth in love!
I don't just eat the #p**** I French kiss it, make love to it, cater to it...
Hate doing taxes, LOVE getting that return....new computer, here I come!!!
When you put shampoo or conditioner onto your scalp, the 20 blood vessels, 650 sweat glands, and 1,000 nerve endings soak in the toxins.
Who the fuck is messing with my fucking account
HAHAHAHAHH, with speedy.
follow them :P
ugh part of me knows that Game of Thrones will *eventually* be canceled before they're able to tell the whole story [via the books]
It's the end of the year they bout to turn up
I can fuck with u real recognize real #jaye Jerz ya heard
Pastor , Thanks so much 4 sharing w/ the world the word God has given you. Moved BIG TIME by your message on The Prayer of Jabez.
On some other shit, seeing one of my favorite wrestlers ever looking so old and still grinding bums me out.
she left the suds in the bucket and the clothes hanging out on the line
I'd be interested in discussing some cross promotional work via our social media platform and events.
I live and breath Music!! Currently working with some amazing Musicians! CD release is scheduled for late March!
aww :P hehe well its kinda blonde/ginger! and no worries! no need to apologize about that :)
What's your fav #pizza? Margherita, Italian Sausage, Four Seasons?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that most of my friends from middle school would sell me pot for a good price.
...of course we'd return to a non-functioning boiler.
Now I literally have a week until I leave New York. If you'd like to see me before I leave, please let me know.
I saw that... If anyone has learned coping skills, its him.. He's stronger than we all know
HERES TO ALL that doesn't miss him/her, but misses who they USED TO BE
you are not the only one who feels the drafthouse is slipping. Too many irons in the fire methinks
Was not digging the Rashomon thing on Downton Shipwreck. Annoying. Why do writers ruin already dramatic story with fictional nonsense?
how does work ? Lol
going to Disney World next month, work and then a mini vaca with - CANNOT WAIT!
On the other hand, you can also imagine the smug sense of superiority that comes to them when they're right.
#Congress: “Please save #afterschool programs because some of us don’t have anywhere to go.” –Julie
I Wiish I Was Home Alone 2 Jealoousy ;O !!
#AFS11 thanks for my first opportunity to present at a conference! Catch u cats later-
THE MAIN IMPRESSION JUNE 22ND ITS GOING DOWN
do you find your toes attractive?
Sorry, $650 is already out of my price range. I'll ask around though!
Love watching the red carpet at the Derby!
Tower: Cannot read you, say again! Pilot: Again!
Applying antifungal cream on my eyeballs. TEE HEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how was everything?
If i dont then u tell me who will.....?
b/c now everyone will now how many circles you belong to since admin added it to all our shop pages :/
There are 1 million people jogging here. I've never seen anything like it. I'm in a jogger traffic jam.
out Diversepopgroup and vote for our video! Thanks!
Told my mom my grade in history & she was all proud, then I told her my grade in Altakali, & she got all mad lol
get out the barrel girl.
I love She is extremely beautiful
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
I want HIM. & only HIM. <3 He's so... xdeuisjedrfhjiodrn.... omg <3
Thanks, Eric. Looking forward to getting things started for you.
I'm BAWLING my eyes out!I loved you so much! You were such an inspiration!
that looks like deliciousness
Aye go follow my new page :) thanks
Wow, too sad. How to improve this?
Amazing time meeting other support group leaders at the FAAN leaders summit. So many ideas I could hardly sleep last night.
Auto-checkout. wins again.
I used to be love drunk but now I'm hungover
More and more companies seem to be open to an integrated branding approach. This is good news.
Done with that tho.....
Hahahaha do I even want to know why Alex Gaskarth is trending? Lol Love him to death<3
#firstdayoffall putting away my seersucker and pink pants..
Lil puff puff
Varieté tonight! Featuring singer/songwriter Nicole Saxton. Dinner service starts at 6 pm, entertainment at 9.
Hi ! River Works, where kids can splash around in the water and learn about Chicago's waterways is sure to be her favorite!
o can we start a pool for the next excuse? My $ is on 'we were hacked by China!'
Thank you all for joining my page. Shows you care very much about preserving our history, Woo hoo :D
that sounds awesome, great promotion at Dodger Stadium
2011-12 Eliot Rosewater Indiana High School Book Award Winner: Perfect Chemistry by Simone Elkeles CONGRATS!!
#nowwatching boogie nights
I count myself lucky any time I get to witness a genuine cool buddy exchange.
replace the w with a b and u got it
Thank you so much!
On Query Tracker it says you rep YA, but your agency website doesn't have it listed. Are you actively seeking YA? Thanks!
Minneapolis-bound with and blasting The Proclaimers!
you should come back to DC
If I had a chance to leave this town and never come back, I wouldn't even have to think twice about it.
heh, been too long, might have to. next batch.
I'm quitting. I can't take it there. Matt told me to take some time off if I'm unhappy
Drunk drivin on a Wednesday w/ 3 bitches in the mpv half a gallon of Georgy Porgy & Cranberry that's the p.o.p
i had a pastrami sandwich with cole slaw the other day.. it was the most amazing sandwich in the history of sandwiches.
Boom Bitches
Three bucksts and now takes a charge! Somebody get a bucket of water for the Flat Top. Great start
omg did you skip trivia too?!
Shouldn't have lost them then you stupid fuck!
“: Dad is encouraging me to take a morning off school this week to go surfing. #badfather haha” Gotta love your Dad! <3
#SharkTank Lesson: Wow Vinnie Bikes killed it! Sell your product to your investor and the investment will come!
and ps if you aren't watching ice loves coco right now...imma need you to out it on asap. Please and thank you.
thank you my friend, I should double check my grammar before posting, especially if I havent had my daily dose of AM caffeine ;)
:OSBC panel: Michael Skok -North Bridge Hat, :most likely to disrupt: CMS
Hanging with authentic good friends is like food for the soul!
Crime rates continue to fall in many countries, including the United States.
will do bud
... i'm not sure what you're asking about... a nap after coffee = talent. garage on my car x2 = a lack thereof. :)
thanks for the follow, look forward to your informative tweets.
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!", awe you remembered my birthday :D " no...... Facebook reminded me "
who, in the days of Ali/Frazier/Cosell, would've thought the future best active boxers war of words would be about gay marriage?
RT : RT : Urban myth re: puts sugar on their fries & lettuce to make it addictive. NOT TRUE! # blogher11
omg How does one even get a boyfriend? Do you like buy one on amazon or..
Thank you Elizabeth! RT : Great speakers & brand representation, fabulous accommodations & energetic staff.
's manager was on 101.5's food porn. it was really funny. Lady La won! again!!!!!
where u at?
Welcome to the official Twitter page for Knife Edge Productions.
thank you!!:)<33
I gotta go back to the power plant live, it was so much going on...
Just received a very convincing PayPal spam/virus email - re: API and IPN updates - do not click any of the links!!
lmao. #FlirtFail. She should've been more like the Subway girls...
no news isn't always good news :(
RT : SIMPLY PUT: "Success begins with can failure begins with can't"
my style inspiration is !!! Her style is so girly and pink and i love it!!! :)
| YW! Thanks for the quick follow back! It was all because of for saying how great your business is!
When I'd go to clubs, I spent half the time texting people who weren't there. Eventually I realized I could just send those texts from home.
So the best movie on the planet is the avengers mhm I believe so
good stuff! caught a good amount of your games :)
yea I am haha
Nearly time for another PWA brunch. Does anyone have a brunch location recommendation? No suggestions will be mocked (or will it ??? )
Thee Satisfaction just got off the plane I'm about to board. Dope.
Hope you have a speedy recovery bro... Raw needs you back on.
Everything that is wrong with American is here tonight. Speaker Boehner, however is not.
Watched Blues Brothers this evening and enjoyed it as much as the first time in 1980.
Sometimes I remember Stoney at random moments - I cried while chopping parsley (ask Dave). Memory is good. (&PHM rocks!)
great meeting you here :)
It hasn't even tweeked enough interest in me to check.
Kylie,we love you,when r u gonna make a duet with Madonna,u both r the best!
The power of narrative becomes increasingly important in the information age - James Nye at
RT RT : A dream is not something that you wake up from, but something that wakes you up. -Charlie Hedges
today school picnic :00pm..location: 1600 hayes Street, Arlington.
Lived my John Woo fantasies Nerf-style while "house managing" #KILLINGWOMEN for last night. never knew what hit her.
The art show is amazing!
thanks. I agree. I think it's a good thing for the university & the city as well
and i aint tryin to be in class after 5
not important is what I meant to say
Thanks for letting me ask a question on your show with rachel
Who was Matilda's sibling? Geneamath makes my head explode. Don't tell anyone.
#RT just in case you want a cool Shoutout ;)
Hey Jonah, found ya via & dig the blog concept. That's right up my alley.
New OPTION TRADE OF THE MONTH coming this Friday, Sept 16th. We continue to profit in this turbulent stock market. www.OptionSpreadStrate…
Just ignore he's just bored and wants attention.
Check this video out -- money
#NeverShouldYouEver Try to play me cause you cant play no player
school tomorrow. ew.
Was just in a new business presentation where i say "I'd just like to introduce myselves." .myselves ...as in my multiple personalities?!
Run today MINUS double stroller, PLUS old-school Janet Jackson. No my first name ain't Mommy. It's Page. Miss Fehling if you're nasty.
nice! At least he has manners.
happy bday moe:) from all of us!
there are some recycle-able ones around here....
on the hunt for a new wallet.
44% of women can’t enjoy sex with people of low intelligence
I literally had no idea what I was doing..
Playing several RPGs, FPSs, action/adventure, MMORPG, MMOFPS, FB games & myriad mobile games including Words w/ Friends. My fingers hurt.
Thank you!:)
See u work at hardees super size # 2 hurry up im starvin narly radical Haha gucci gucci by kreayshawn
woo 30 days of yoga.i go to corepower and they have free weeks for new people and 3 free classes a week for everyone.
I miss
i understand it now! i95 has absolutley nothing to do with philly.... woot.
Oh yes, you were. And talked about in such a good way. I'd have loved it if you could have been there.
your so mean to me -_-
Even when you think you have no more to give, when a friend cries out to you, you will find the strength to help.
Need a ride to the polls? Call 410-338-4036. We'll get you there!
“kill yorself or : Unfollow . Your tweets are ass. ”
I AM following you, but thought you might like to know I personally almost never follow people who tweet more than 4 or 5 times/day
Why would my manager put the two Mexicans to close tonight on cinco de mayo?! ;(
Attended NoVa Dem Biz Council this a.m. in Falls Church-now in Newport News, heading into the fantastic annual Peninsula JJ Dinner.
Any #Colorado residents that love Cookies?! We've got a deal for you!
Getting my 'hunt' on to track down a great cup-o-Joe in the Windy City.
can u give me a shout out on my birthday on saturday
Its not just hate either.
I like.
Definitely come out to #EKLECTIK! Ali will be there carving #fangs as one of our official vendors!
I'm just going to say it - Tiger Woods is by far the most dominant athlete of our generation, and the scary part - he has a LONG way to go!
Who do you know that is looking to purchase a home in the Austin area? www.sherryscales.com
Can we retire "down ass _____________" and "ride or die __________"? We already know who is and who ain't! Stop lyin to these females
Wrong! Military, employers, sports, courts, etc would still test bec they want their people straight.
Up at Niagara Falls, played 2 shows yesterday and 2 more today, then hitting Buffalo tonight
Study for exams or chill n watch tv.... well I'm deff feeling chill n watch tv :) f that whole studying thing!!!
when brian just tells me he was sleeping with his eyes open last night....
OMG FRESH BATCH of LSD BUBBA, so sticky & potent, Indicas don't get stronger than THIS! From Downtown San Diego's DOPEST spot Bella Flora!
congrats katy! :-)
damn all three of my cuzos is havin babies around the same time..
Does #pasteurization change the nutrition profile of milk?
Love how turico just mentioned korver having three blocks as if it ain't even a thang
I definatley just bought the entire soundtrack to the muppet movie. I'm not even ashamed.
Might post our new song tonight! :D
just talked to about you and the show. She said great things about you... my question, are they true?! ;)
ha I just got their email about it - def wanna see that show!
Huge thanks to everyone who came out to the launch party last night! Do we know how to host a bash or what?
Good morning! Happy Humpday
Cooked a snack in the toaster Saturday. Found it today. The boys' Suessical the Musical is tonight!! Scott can't go :(
Hey Lance, I was curious how accurate the calories burned were on livestrong.com It seems to be a much greater # than others
Da money in muzik iz really not in bein a Artist its in producin a very small percentage of artists make any BIG money producerz a dif story
At The Zone Team Store located on the first level near the ticket line when you walk in through the BCA main doors.
I miss ms noel :(
aah, right-o. Thanks. Have a good one!
Sorry, overlooked your tweet, thanks for the mccue shout out!
lol never mind (was a reference to ur FB) but only skim through post. So I might not know wtf I am taking bout lol
I always see the cutest gay girls lol
National Prep Showcase in New Haven, CT
We were the poster child for consortial cooperation!
Slave owners didn't F*** around either. Several million hung from trees by their neck in Texas and Mississippi.
ugh i'm totally "never drinking again"
tell me about it
You have a stalker? A duck stalker?
Unless we know the real inventory levels that are in the banks system, the data we see is speculative and incomplete.
Got home. Mom said get in the car we're going to the doctor. K sweet I couldn't even PEE
The tradition that could die off when we move. Brooklyn Bagel and Coffee Co.
Who wants a copy of my Wiz Khalifa - Black and Yellow parody?
See you tonight, you know I will, you can't resist sampling some of our new menu items now on special. Oh, and we have drinks too.
street bke kayak bed iphone macbook books on dreamweaver and business a bookcase to keep my books in nu shoes haircut time off wrk
stay safe beautiful!
The #stopkony video at ~40 mil views - luv seeing the power of video combined w/ internet smarts making a diff in the world!
definitely next time. I should probably stay in and get work done. might have just been looking for excuse not to : )
When momma says - "no birth control, no sex!" Poppa is going to think things over and decide real quick which side of argument he's on!
#Nails charged with #GTA? Say it ain't so,
Working out those unhealthy jello legs of mine >.<
Okay, well, submit it tomorrow.
I wished up on a star, and you came true
I'm getting super like Mario. Am I doing it fabulously? Absolutely.
Need help marketing your club?
Sweet! Thanks!!! Im playing NYC APril 22nd at the Living Room.
25 more school days left. 3 days until my birthday. Summer is getting closer..
is it twitdroid for the iPhone?
Note To self. Eat breakfast before going to get cavities filled. No eating until this afternoon. :(
#WorstFeeling keeps trending. Why do people want to tweet about their WORST feeling & not their BEST feeling?
glad you enjoyed it! It was a great two days.
I just heard an ice cream truck. In March. In Cleveland. Sign of the apocalypse?
i saw a dog get run over this morning :( that stupid lady speeded up, i hope she gets what she deserves!!
I think The #RoboticButts would be a good band name.
Aw.....call him. See if things have changed. I was hoping for Sean & not lawn furniture 4 furniture boy!
you got my credit card, so run it for the belt, or do you take only checks for this? Privacy Policy?
spring break is almost here!!! i wonder if six flags will be open?
Never ever ever fly American airlines. Ever.
from head to toe
aw so cute
Just sat with Deputy Sec Porcari, US DOT, for lunch. High level fed in touch with local transportation needs. Great speaker, strong values.
RT much appreciated! :)
The refs should just let Duke start in the bonus tonight so I can make my peace with it now and not in 4 hours.
Redevelopment = land grabs for "blight." Blight is whatever the agencies WANT it to be -- up to and including irregularly shaped lots.
Lil brother came up to me and asked me to give him some "gangsta" music... So proud
hmm. I didn't see that email. It's possible that I deleted it w/o reading. I do that.
I love drawing.
Getting ready for my first plane ride tomorrow to Burlington, VT. Then my first ferry ride to Plattsburgh, NY! See you soon
My fortune cookie said 'a good life brings wrinkles'! Hahah!!
Congrats! She's beautiful!!
So here’s some advice on helping to choose a sleeping bag
we thought you were over the twins :(
Just saw #chronicle! Pretty good movie.
not as harsh,but yes.just trying to bulk up now and cut too.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay More songs need Auto-Tune these days
Avid hoops fan & his bud break down last night's action in the #NBA playoffs & looks ahead to tonight.
everyone knows to shut that shit down!
As thank their fans today I'd like say thanks again to the 298,096 that saw at The Q this yr (3rd in the AHL!)
bring back National Editiomn$
Looking for rockin' stylist for photo shoot in #SanDiego on Monday. Ideas, anyone? thanks!
Enjoying Blanc De Noirs before dinner
Hahahahaha I was happy someone else was experiencing what I was
absolutely. See it
Welcome to Smashville, Cameron! Congratulations Brooke & Codey! :)
JK... givin you a hard time that's a cool name. "Like, OMG, Devin, Haley & Jessica R so mad at u!"
you caring me lol chill Hijole “: it's nicki minaj mom. Chill! Listen to lyrics.”
haha that's cool with me!
Naw... remember, C-Webb was a rookie in Golden State.
Hate when people act
Happy birthdayy thankyouuu for Sunday hope wee can hangoutt again soon :)
Have a nice time Urijah! ;)
there's a difference in chubby and big boned brotha
It's just as bad as we thought it would be.
haha you totally should! it's so worth it(:
fleener stinks on ice
lol! Jealous? Ha. And I'm starving, so imma finish everything lol
Some people are always grumbling because roses have thorns. I am thankful that thorns have roses. – Alphonse Karr
Very tired after a busy weekend but gathering steam to go see the Rebirth Brass Band at the
theme song live now is always killin it - Bright Lights Bigger City!
Could agree more! Will be making a special trip tonight! :)
late nights and early mornings
I just might. Depends on what the plan is for lunch at work.
Competition to win 2 tickets - Last Night of the Proms at Palace Theatre #Newark on 28th Jan starts tomorrow. Could it be you?
Good luck today and !
Wow! The things I learn on a daily basis.
Leaving the kitchen.
soo someone stole my ipod. O.o i N E E D my ipod. i think i might just cry. #ineedmyipod!
Damn it I wish John Wayne was still alive
The michigan st. Vs. Wisconsin game was amazing all the way to the buzzer! Michigan St. Over Wisconsin 63-60
Reached my max follow limit:( will get you all done 2morroooo
I show you..she walked up to me today going to lunch n put ha arms around me and said hey boo n i just stared at her like TF
peace out yay
Mr Baker: Who you talking to Bubba? Javier: ....Myself?...
gonna party like it's 1999....need to get my motivation pumping!!!
One big store. Full of low prices.
ramirez is scuffling but not worried at all..he will have some big moments this summer.
It would be AWESOME if I could find my prescription sunglasses, since I probably shouldn't put my contacts in tomorrow at all.
The halls are no longer alive with the sound of music… :'(
havnt been on fr a damn long tym so sup guyz RT if u think mindless behaviours hawwtttt
Please pass Birthday Wishes from me to SusieQ :)
no worries.
Running two seminars for Brite over the next two days - then doing it again next week. Feet don't fail me now!
yea I know. I'm @ a loss for words. I just can't imagine another human being doing something like that.
You know, I'm going to have that song in my head all day now...
. thinks I am influential about skateboarding, which I have never tweeted about in my life. Really??
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction
37%! what? are you reading on a damn kindle?!
shave me.
I'll be listening to you at the Avon, NY drive-in tonight :)
OMG. R.Kelly!
Wow! Why does faith always cross our paths when i feel like its time to go
Good Morning!!!!!♥
hm..im thinking...Next to you??
Loving on CBS #SundayMorning. Great interview!
Change your attitude, Exercise is not a boring chore but a gift of life to your body for better health, longevity and vigor.Find what works!
just got done with it, just let me know what time or hit me up in the am 414-581-1818
yeah I wanna do someting like that, I wanna go to korea!!!!
i. wish. soon!
Just heard a woman at a cafe talking about leaving her family, so happy people realize it is a choice and you only keep them if they're good
that was an awesome game! I so can't wait for the regular season to start...
Theme from the Jeffersons
no one will ever undertand how much it hurts
It is about 80 degrees in the newsroom right now. I might need to set up camp in the machine room.
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GO TO CLASSICAL TOGETHER
#TheSadMomentWhen even though at one time they were your everything, you realize that now your their nothing
You too. Have a great day :)
Mahdd a** hell
alot ..lol My business..my book.. Just wow ive been lucky.. How bout urself
a year ago today and i gave birth to let it flourish and wreak havoc
Thank you its nice to meet you as well watch the video on my site and share it with the ones you love what i love about america thanx
Having trouble sleeping, but "When you are in Love you can’t fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams."
Alot of these niggaz ain't seen or did shit!! Don't believe the hype!!
Fair perspective, but I disagree. I find the connection polite and worthwhile.
the one before this was like 225 to 30. O.o
So simple, but so yummy...
No religion here today. Rory wears orange and Martin wears green.
you've done a great job staying a step ahead on realignment. Keep it up! Solid insight.
Tonight was crazy. Good night world.
Yay!!! Made it on the plane after all!
Maybe everyone thought my St Paddy's Day party was today.
Great weather. Good crowd. Dope party thus far.
The Uni spam filter makes interesting decisions. Email from an African prince? DELIVER IT! From the PI of my project? YOU DON'T NEED THAT!
Trying to get my hands around the info included in the non-population U.S. Census schedules Ancestry.com has added. Images hard to read.
At the game tonight! Looking for the #sweep!
That's some hot cheese
Thanks & i told my dad i didnt want to be set up..lol
I hope they can make you happy
Very excited that our B Accreditation is pending directors approval! Should be all set very soon, will keep you updated!
“The walk of FAITH is to live according to the revelation we have received, in the midst of the mysteries we can't explain.” - Bill Johnson
Tiger wood is still my bro and all but he need to sit his ass down and retire
Besides, I have a math exam that day. I should sneak in some time at 's Needle & Thread to recuperate.
We have no idea what that is! We must have been out of the loop!
i drink coffee way to much
Going to LA in 3 weeks! :D
I love you guys!!
what, you mean along the lines of arthur c. clarke's "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic"?
now that there's an open bottle of wine in the house...i'm finding it really hard not to drink it. regardless of it being 9:30 a.m.
I'm currently searching for a seasoned Paralegal with experience overseeing Corporate Filings, managing a Contract Management System & serv…
New Intro On Their Website. Very James Bond Like!
You are so welcome! Tangerine Tango is such a fun color! Hate to see people shy away from it, even in staging!
Are you gonna kiss me or not, good song haha
Geez The time I try to get some sleep, I cannot fall asleep #finalsweek #collegeproblems #GetAtMe?
Hm... last twee said they would be in Birmingham at that same time today...?
Installing now, review to come at robotappz.com
yeah definitely! Any other "on-the-go" features like DMVs near you or stuff like that you can think of?
Ah! There are midges on my front window!!! No!!!!!!
Wow! I'm stupid! Haha! I didn't mean to do that! Lol! :P #BlondeMoment!
someone want to come to the mall tonight :$.
thanks ill definitely try more! got any song request?
Visited the place where I grew up today. The place where The Trouble with Half a Moon was placed into my heart. Video to come!
Affinity is powerful force in building trust. Start with those you share a common bond because we trust those who remind us of ourselves.
Im prob the worst boyfriend ever...
Sunday #browniepoints: 3 hrs spent updating mominlaw's computer/phone, all to DL some free ringtones she wanted. ;D
you make me happy :)
FDLP Mission: To provide for no-free ready and permanent public access to fed gov info now and for future gens. Baish
I didn't want to wake up today...
just saw this now haha
I got snapbacks n tattoos i bet that will make yo biych choose
I'll report back tmrw bout the funny mid-show cop run in
Hey Scooter, heard this crazy rumor......your really following people now, is it true, I just have to #BELIEVE SWAG
Hunkering down for the storm.
#AMINOR Setback only prepares YOU for a MAJOR Comeback!!!
where is this happening?
D'Anthony childish as fck , lol .
RT The real contest is always between what uv done and what ur capable of doing. Beyond quality work
you're the best, thx for the follow!!!
My daughters are 9 and 10 am I wrong to say that when they are 13 they are getting on birth control?
RT : Those with no followers say twitter ain't shit , yeah it be like that
xoxo back to you from Roo :)
Follow the
Use promo code C2GHOLIDAY during checkout on www.Clear2O.com for #FREE shipping on your Clear2Go bottles with filters!
I can't believe today is really the last day =(! My mornings will never be the same.
Little goals each and every day leads to great accomplishments
People seem not to see that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character. Emerson -- love this.
#FF Our recent contributors:
#ThingsThatGetYouFriendZoned having the attention spam of an ant
Wow super good US Open semifinals game, Djokovic vs Federer!
has the answer I hope. “: Looking for an update on who's winning #sxsw: hipsters vs douchebags.”
Madison friends, it would be nice to see you again tomorrow night. Either at The Frequency or not at The Frequency. We just like you...
food envy! Not talking to you right now (stomach growling)! :-)
Watching talk about The Cove & project Merlin The way PBS stations distribute their programming nationally.
my cries. AND WE WILL GO, OK. NO ANDS IFS OR BUTS. I really need to finish hw omg.
Tre made me sounds stupid...I must correct my error.
It was great to toast #mkeday with at ! The place looks amazing!
Worth a read, if only for the shock value. She lauds surveillance software for allowing her to interrupt student writers +
I'm just wore out now from all the 31!
ITS MY BEST FRIENDS FUCKIN BIRTHDAY! HAPPY BIRTHSAY BEST FRIEND! :) <3
Wow woman
not gonna happen
Seriously, FSU' s compsci is a doublewide. True story.
Please please please stop making things more complicated- stop complaining and get it done-
Me too Joe; that was AWESOME. I was a bit late signing on but sent 3-4 tweets; hope you reply to one! LOVE U! ♥
I wonder how the new Criminal Minds spin off is going to be. The backdoor pilot last season wasn't horrible.
if the lakers would make it lmao 😭😂
Why do I always pig out every Sunday?
I learned Apple has a new free "Configurator" for managing iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch (but it only runs on Mac OS)
Alb. news is crazy.Did you hear those people purse snatched some ladies purse what a bunch of dummies who purse snatches anyways?
#marrythenight amazing <3 but didnt really like the cheerios part
You guys tweet just like you talk in real life... It's great lol
Pool safety gear is critical to a good pool
US STOCKS-Futures gain, stocks to close worst week of year
Think I'm sarcastic??? Watch me pretend like I care!!! Lol
Come by room M202 today at Noon for the Right to Research Coalition Webcast, part of Open Access Week!
<3 We bite hard!
aww thanks! I like :-D
just the other work one lol
That's a suprise?!
wish i could be at all!!
RT : We're rolling out a new feature: #MemberMonday. Meet some of our awesome members. Today it's - Thanks!!
that right there is one *breathtaking* dessert #sohow'sittaste
and so it continues...threat of severe morning storms...off to gym for spin...then home for the brick run...
Drake is my guy. But he ain't fuckin with Common. Common is a rappers' rapper. Drake is today's rapper
yeah, what's the big deal about their wedding?
Yo gurl mouth I stretch out..elastic cuz my dick big jurassic!
that's interesting....what a talking piece for high school reunions.
Hey Lady! We must do brunch soon! :)
Friday flashback jam: The Farm - "Groovy Train"
Here's a good reminder, taking a nap when you barely got any sleep will guarantee not hearing an alarm.
sorry i got bored and thought of that
Hahahahaha. U laughed at us?! U thought THAT was funny? Got nothin better to do?! #ursostupid they must be jello;)
Can't decide if playing music will make me feel worse or better.
Fine, i'll forever be alone....again *picks up phone* i'm calling Mama Jagr
Qudditch fascinates me.
its still time to "bite" on Apple? was underwhelmed by their dividend though.
play at Tri-City tonight, hear how feels about playing in their barn :30
Hunger is the best sauce. Sushi sounds good eh??
Dats a bet my g.lookin forward to networking wit u
"The East Coast just does NOT understand dermatology. The director of dermatology at Sloan-Kettering actually sees MY dermatologist in LA"
Literature translations require that the translator has the correct tone, style and dialect as well being excellent, elegant writers.
Dear NHL GMs, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE make some kind of big trade!!! signed, an unhappy fan
nice to meet you too
So cool!!! Congrats!! This gonna be your post-school gig? Or more part-time?
With Andy Cohen at the Castro
Amazing! Congrats, friends! RT : We are close to 500,000 followers! Stay tuned for a thank you gift to be announced later today!
michelle what did you go to school for?
tweet tweet
It feels good to get on twitter and see new followers when u havent get on for the longest
Let's start Thanksgiving Day in advance by coming to the best Latin Club in the whole area!! Daniel Boom Dj will be in the mix !
Woke up with my right eye swollen, who tf knows
Got the music in my soul coming out of my fingertips tonight
Damn fine lineup! See you in Seattle.
Dark Corner is probably the scariest book of mine, according to readers. Thanks in advance for checking out!
9 months ago Ari became an official Universal Republic artist.
kinda hate this feeling, like im losing some older good friends. fuck it the real ones will stay around
People are in your life for a reason, some for a season. It's important to recognize when people's seasons are over. Dont carry dead weight.
thx to #OccupationalHealth&Safety a few fitness & health tips for employees (like me) who sit at a desk most of the day...
will b interesting to see what Adobe does w/ their forum. If its like the google group it fails. A place w/o recruiters would b nice
the sun isn't up enough to be called the crack of dawn yet
Cheers to to freakin' weekend... We will drink to that!
After 6 months of promos, I DVRed #Whitney, just to see how bad it would be. Made it four minutes before developing suicidal thoughts
Training class today to operate the Kodak 9300. Panoramic & 3D volume pari-apical pictures.
"Knock knock." "Who's there?" "Daisy" "Daisy who?" "Daisy me rollin', they hatin'"
Omg its 4/20 lol what u all doing
The Muppets!
yeah that was my thought when I picked him
Can't sleep. And since I joined this last week or so I've been getting junk mail with porn. :(
agreed! have you read silberman and 's work on turkopticon?
shit, if I just had access to everyones ears i would literally be an unstoppable fuckin force.
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Au Revoir Les Enfants". It was nominated for Best Foreign Film in 1988. Starts at 7:30pm.
RT : Come to the new DOG store open now in Honolulu. Good job baby lysaa don't let lifestyle mishaps get u down.
who is the one with a Michael Vick Falcons jersey?
It's not my style to say this, but I'm proud after today's competition. Mainly for my fighting spirit - Tatyana Lebedeva
Great article re: Influence vs Power. I just reposted - and signed up for ;-)
RT I’m not shy, I’m holding back my awesomeness, so I don’t intimidate you..
#ImHappyWhen friends get published, I hear laughter, eat chips & salsa, or do the chicken dance. Just to name a few for fun.
Thanks, , for an awesome lunch! Now I'm truly ready for an afternoon of #librarian -ing!
I danced on a pole once...wait what? #malestripper lol
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow - banks don't email you directly, be careful, loads of phishing scams out there, keep your details safe!!!!
#thingsthedevilinvented niggas who cant get it up
Time to think of plan B
really need to find someone with directv!
writing about Grace Hanadarko and wondering if she finally found redemption, also looking for folks she helped with their own struggles
haha thanks! I would say I'm good at acting like a grown-up more so than being grown-up ;)
Tax deadline ticking down. I know of at least one person who finished their taxes just minutes ago. Anyone else put it off?
Laying here :/ alone!
Waiting for West Coast to start...trying so hard not be be spoiled!! COME ON 9pm!!
I was born this Way! HEY!
Spot on.
If you can't help your neighbors, at least don't hurt them-download- InSpotter app
seems to have some problems with videos. Both Hulu and Game Trailers are both unwatchable. Don't have these problems in Chrome.
Had a blast shooting The Actor's Network holiday party last night!!
Well breaking dawn sucked. No idea why I think the movies will get better
Get out of my closet!
I'm missing my MJ at this moment :(
GOTTA ADMIT.. That drawing is pretty sexy...#notgunnalie ;)
You're already on my list - am I on yours?
N Judah moving a swift 0 miles per hour.
They're so sweet!!! oh my gosh! haha I wish i could be friends with them.
At the new Cafe Caturra in Arlington, and it is awesome! Best crab cakes I've had in a long time, and great wine selection.
Packers up big at the Half woo hoo God is Good just so blessed to be here!
there are 1 or 2 internet firms here in North Carolina. Do you have any clients with interests here?
Truly.. I'm good.. Great even! How about you?
Willard can't answer a direct question. Asked about sugar subsidies, he brings it back to Obama.
oh... and they're not too far from here....
Shannon:"My leg is shaking." Me:"Why? Are you nervous to see your lover boy?" Shannon:"No. It just can't hold my weight." Hahahaha :'D
Getting a new laptop soon...
I was planning on being home for the 2nd half of #DCU - I'm going to have to fly down 7.
thanks for following us!
watch your language
i'm in a pretty good mood actually. if i could be like dis al da time it'd by lovely.
Dang Louisville could be really good next year.
Nothing better than starting the New Year off watching my alma mater win!!
5 cadaver dogs hit 2009 Lindsay Wells case Simi Pd there. But did not dig need help for family to do dig
please follow me Austin. Ur new cover of it will rain was amazing. Well , all your covers are AMAZING ! <3
i want drugs and taco bell rn just because im bored
I feel like I'm missing out on so many opportunities, but not from a lack of trying. The ball just doesn't bounce the same for everyone.
Im not that cool I guess haha
Milw County Suburban FD's can talk to Waukesha County FD's without a patch. Just switch to 1 of the many talkgroup choices in thei radios
Been watching the Man City game and they only score when I turn away for 15 seconds. This is ridiculous.
we haven't met yet, have we? Meet u tomorrow!
Waiting for "that guy" to post Andy Samberg and Justin Timberlake's Motherlover.
I get to see my niece's newborn daughter Sophie tonight. Does that mean she's a great niece?
Econmists from right and left agree there is little evidence to show that tax holidays increase economic activity or create jobs.
I'm wearing your underwear right now
While I love and appreciate MCA (and the Beastie Boys), I have no intention of listening to them all day just because he died.
Start with The Week in your newsmag routine. It rocks. Won't necessarily help improve writing, tho, b/c it's round-up style.
There are about 1000 empty seats.
I had a dream i dated harry potter!?!?!! Has anyone else uad this dream?? RT if you have i dont want to be
Mcdonaldss<333 i feel so fat! but fuck it man.
hahahaha!! Thanks bro. I really want the sun..
I like it Craig! Cool concept
We want to thank you for always sending customers our way. Thanks!
Monday is the same presentation, different location. If your sched. allows, come to the first class Tuesday or in May
#custserv RT : When employees become sharers of knowledge rather than sellers of products, customers respond.
The snow is coming down hard here in Golden.
Lulled to sleep by ribbits and raindrops. I think spring is coming.
you're lucky you don't also get texts on that thing.
lol idk if I want to spend money on another stupid movie lol
DM I have staff working to ID best contact to build Facebook into national Edu consortium. Please DM if you can help.
I think we have our two leads for #Knock. -JO
Had a blast at the trio last knight set it off fa the ladies
Haha Not so easy being Catholic now, is it?
Michael Roth on learning from #abelove: "fierce clarity is an extraordinary gift."
you spelt my name wrong.. :)
. nice! trying to orient myself with mental image of the old palm ballroom, but i can't. is that in the main room?
I already text high fived someone and I didn't even know it was a special day!
Theraflu hot liquids, two vitamin C tablets, 9 hrs of sleep, good to go.
Update: This week so far ive auditioned for 2 films, a game show, and a guest starring role on CSI Miami! :) keep your fingers crossed!!
While the sales team at BR appreciates my spring style, unless my 'first day gift' is an odd tradition, socks at the office must be pref ...
Waiting on rain to go away to finish the very last scenes for shoot
Sigh. and I have a long history together; it really isn't a secret. In fact I saw him on Sunday.
I really hate ignorance... I promise the English language is not that hard.
like it, but "shave on weekends"?? C'mon now- that's extreme
You had your heart broken, you cried a river, you built a bridge, now get over it
don't judge me
Today, I am required to attend a tasting of premiere old world wines for work.
Has ANY talk on Veterans ever gotten around to PACKERS greats Jerry Kramer or LB Dave Robinson?
ohh gee. Im not sure. D:
At the airport picking up my bro! Lololol I wish I could just take random plane trips lololol
I'm the type to say a prayer, then go get what I just prayed for.
I always #followback !
Ugh...well, in other news, no Ruutu tomorrow...that should help.
Then moved to analyzing Twitter tweets for #globalwarming attitudes.
Leela's Restaurant in Little Haiti- suggested by the Urban Tour Host
... not thinking about stress management.
“Protecting the rights of those who have not yet been born is a fundamental obligation of a civil society.
We havn the illest house party next month n wilknsburg project x swag white boys n shit ctfu
Tell 'im he can play Hillary when SHE becomes Prez! ;)
Thanks for sharing! So glad they are reconsidering #directfile in
I DIDNT EVEN SAY ANYTHING MEAN I JUST SAID I DONT UNDERSTAND UR PICTURE AND THAT I WAS WONDERING UR AGE TO SEE IF WE CULD
interesting and good: v. sattui angelica. Port made with muscat.
6 more minutes till h&m opens
I see you! I will say hi during intermission. : ) LOVE this theater!!!!
S.A.D.="Save All Doobies"
that's the best thing ever
hey Alex, its already 6pm here. I got new kicks today! What are you dong (:?
Lying in bed in the middle of the night trying to decide if its worth it to get up and pee or if you can hold it in until the morning.
its dumb the reason is even more stupid. doesnt even make sense
you can't even talk yet what do you know about that? Lol
My grants department is having success! We've been awarded 3 new federal grants, with a total beginning FY11 of over $5.85 mil.
Really glad a middle aged white guy horse won the derby. Storybook ending.
Jenna I feel there is so much kinship! Like an unbreakable bond; like a family! It's a phenomena I never felt before! ♥
Today is a dead of meatasaourous
You tato chip ass niggas always get mad cause I got ruffles
Beauty comes in all colors. Beauty comes in all shapes. Beauty comes from all around the world. Beauty has no requirements
follow me please
I miss you guys and love you too! Send me that girls info when you can and I'll send out some Alchemy
Goodmorning... I'm up early getting my oil changed... gotta stay rolling
Word through the grapevine is that you're a fellow Trojan... Fight on.
Vegas is great! You should really enjoy it! Everyone who's come up has that I know :)
Be careful with Newt. Man who marries his mistress creates an opening in the position!
we moved to Brookes Ave just above Balboa Park! Great street.
definitely a blessing g, hopefully I land one after graduating this coming spring
Congrats to our good friend Leesa and her husband on the birth of their baby boy Wyatt. We can't wait to meet the little guy! :)
woot woot! now we have to teach you how to start uploading pictures & videos.
BET Awards this year.... Maybe 😜
Hey did you know there is a 5% cash back bonus at restaurants when you use your Discover Card!?
this week only-give me 5 vehicles for an oil change and get one free. we come to your for a change
#sla2011 I have copies of the PAM dance cards I will bring to PAM early bird dinner!
RIP Steve. Thanks for making us see the world differently.
all moved in to the new office spot
Haha I decided to dress like Louis tomorrow :) got my stripes, rolled up skinny jeans, beanie and vans!! IM READY
I have a free day on Sundays..so I am thinking of taking handgun classes to finish of my Lara Croft imitation. LMAO!
definitely! thanks for the kind words and be sure to stay tuned for more interview series with other professionals in the...
Ugh I don't feel well.
you too friend! Will I see you again at
Great to meet you at JazzAhead! Looking forward to a great "girl" chat soon! Peace and Pearls!
lol and i would! you can just call me the postman!
can't wait to devour that wine bottle wit yaa
Finally relaxing after a long day....
I need more followers for give a ways! Let's go, Milwaukee!
Now I'm of consenting age to be forgetting you in a cabaret. Somewhere downtown where a burlesque queen may even ask my name.
Miami Heat won!!!! Miami Marlins won!!!! Now Florida Panthers won!!!!! Yes it's a great day of sports in Florida!!! Trifecta baby!!!!
You need to keep up. Mister no work tomorrow.
slayed her performance on Idol tonight.
Strate up n down multi-media ent coming june 9th to the bull city. One stop shop for your music n video production, graphics and duplication
The Yanks r beast, I thought it was a done deal and turned back a half hour later and damn. Let's go boys!!!!
I give up on you.
will be flashing some goods to Beer-Con attendants at Tap Haven. Register now!
thanks. I mean archiving important details for future retrieval
hey seren happy happy birthday to u!!!
Lunch=jog
Hey you're my 1000th follower! (cue balloons and confetti). Thanks!
He know whats best for his ass , aint no playin around .
Oh, darling, have no idea why this is coming up now but you KNOW I feel the same way about you, too!!!!
1-10. How hot is Mike Brown's seat at the moment?
How many cups should we pour today? RT : Up early every day this week? Something is wrong with me.
Couldn't find advil but I found some random pills covered in white stuff. So I took them why hello there rainbows and kittens
not going to lie, i think i'm going to put #awksteezey in my rotation.
Jonathan is awesome
yes totally rock on. way to pump it up. etc. ;-)
It was a good conversation about touch interfaces.
Dude. I Love Your Interviews. I Die Laughing ALL Of The Time.! c:
"See that man who thinks he’s so smart? You can expect far more from a fool than from him." Proverbs 26:12 (THE MSG)
CheckMate Bitch
Will You follow me?
Happy Birthday!!:)
get paid my nigga , get. paid.
Thank you for the
Aha i bet and i would of been shaking to. I would of probably been freaking out but not trying to show it lol
Missing the Criminal Minds season finale. So excited to watch it later.
At Central Synagogue, where Hugh Hardy is giving a tour of the building. The docents here are such lovely people.
Too much fun! RT no prob! Had tons of fun! Cc
Thanks so much for checking in with us ! We hope you enjoy your stay.
Vote for ur favs! RT : beauty junkies! wants to hear from you - Tell us your fave products...
Yes- sometime. wouldn't that be so nice: "Sometimes the girl that's been there for everyone else needs someone there for her.""
And now that I've shot my twitter-wad for 2012, I'm going to go write.
Armwood Editorial And Opinion Blog: msnbc tv: Romney too afraid ...
No way they even have the same ace cheer. Ah ace, woosh. Stop this
I appreciate it.
“: I feel like I just watched Bradshaw chose between the red pill and the blue pill and super slo-mo.”
Hey Roomies, will be a re-run tonight. But you get to program it. Which Episode do you want to watch together!?
Today's indispensable summertime affectation: blot dewy face with folded handkerchief. Repeat.
that would be a great name for a watch line
Oh yeah baby, Cheers!!! Today is National Moscato Day! who wants a glass?
OK so who's going to dress up a sombrero as a Derby hat?
perfectly still. Hadn't been many pitches up there. Strike 2 was bad, & when Lawrie walked toward 1st, well, anything close...
Ice cream round 2
Happy Birthday Shor
Awesome! We're excited to have it on TeeRaiders next month :D
We love having you. RT Excellent dinner tonight, as always. It never disappoints.
If I could be a race car driver I would be truly happy. It is a dream I will always pursue and never let go.
RT : All you need is chapstick, a bottle of water and a get out of jail free card :)
Looking forward 2 meeting u Aussies. Crazy & Nutter PERFECT
do u wat
How bout yoou ?
Hey, how are you? :)
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker, huge fan! You and your father are an inspiration to young black filmmakers like me.
HAHAHHAA omg oooohh I'm so cute! ;)
Premiere of "Battleship" >>>>>
Hey! let's talk about your ideas!
Watch out! I smell an upset. “: “… the other guy wakes up at 5 in the morning to talk [expletive] and work out.””
LeJitt performed #INeedYour Love for the Green Room Lunge in Huntsville, AL last night! LG Music was LIVE in the building!!
haha, I do. But really let's get that coffee soon!
Or 8th today.
do you ever have one of those amazing gym days where you feel like Superman? that's me today! Rawr! :)
Carrie! It has been a while! How's Las Vegas? Are you coming up to Washington any time soon?
If someone actually has a crush on me i want them to tell me.. Not hide it! :/ no one probably does
all the critics even agree that Keaton and Kilmer were the top rated batmans
If you try to rape me, I will bite your penis off.
Two different type of players. Won't they play different spots on floor?
If guys had periods, they’d brag about the size of their tampons.
God must love stupid people. He made SO many.
I don't trust Cole at all.
really? Why
GM! Failure is the tuition you pay for success...
Dogs love me cause i'm crazy sniffable. #beastie boys
always makes for an awkward situation
how has your morning been so far? :) <3
RT TwitterForce: We're starting a Social Media campaign tonight to trend #FindIsabelCelis starting at 9p.
Bengals won't be able to take out Baltimore. Ravens still have a division to play for !
got any Friday The 13th jokes?
took u long enoff. Damn. Lol
Blue Ivy is Swahili for Rich as Fuck.
FOLLOW ME
Happy Saturday... what's everyone up to this rainy day? www.worldchampionfans.com Banner Day is soon approaching
I've been a Bills fan for over 25+ years ... He wasn't that great. He was an avg player on terrible teams
not all the time you could have luck on taking a picture with someone you like . you know you dont always have luck ! j
I'll be live tweeting from you know where. Haha.
If not Phil, then I hope Lee Westwood wins. He's wearing red, go #nffc!
hi everyone!
and please follow me also I LOVE U SO MUCH!!!! <3
I start break dancing this Saturday :D
Tyler Hunt with a two-run triple w/ 2 outs in top of 7th -- his 3 hit of the game -- gives Fennimore a 7-2 lead after 6 1/2 innings.
KENTUCKY WILDCATS! GOT TO LOVE THE BIG BLUE///Yes I do
Cookin some breakfast with Mary J and thinking about drinking green not spending it today
Hello my name is H.E. Pennypacker. I'm a wealthy American industrialist looking to invest millions in a lucrative
Been in a mood all weekend, spinning 'A Quiet Storm' now...
And the drive begins! Road trip with and #coachchris st Louis here we come!
Just read your article in #Carpinteria magazine, congrats! All of our family is from Carp & SB. You're an inspiration!
Awesome. Awesome. Awesome night. Good turnout, kids. Most fun Wednesday yet.
Leaving for Stanford in a bit. Long flight,but great education group to meet. Loved the PR today @ the Idaho proram's success. Fun stuff!
playing mass effect 3
Thanks for making it an unforgettable experience for our "Dream in Tune" Songwriting contest winner - you ROCK!!
Whoa... #grizznation just went ghost.
when you have a nice hot shower after a long day
is it even possible to hate you??(:
I wish! I'm actually packing up a storm-- moving this weekend AND working three full shifts. YIKES.
i need wendys
Had fun rocking out with Awake! Awake! and Between The Trees last night at 527! :-)
that's a true statement!
Its not much of a chant, she just says "Shake it LoMo!"
<3 RT : No matter what accomplishments you make, somebody helped you. -Althea Gibson
Y'all honestly inspire me :) ALWAYS VOTING RNG! x
Well the present on our couch was dropped off by scotty and kwak last night. And of course he let himself in before we got home!
listen ima need u to learn to start taking me
haha it's tomorrow but thank you
Twitter is so frustrating. The question didn't even post in my timeline :(
brandon was looking at me today. and he snuck up behind me in AVID. he was so close to my neck. Shivering :)
I said it ppl gave me weird looks they told me to shut up
shots fired!
We're excited for Michael Cavanaugh's "Music of Elton John" tomorrow. Tweet us your favorites by Sir Elton & follow the piano man
Thanks for the retweet! We hope you can make it to the celebration!
Lesson 5 from - focus on what matters most. Your time and resources are always scarce - use them wisely.
valid point. We'll have to bring this up again tomorrow
Thanks for checking us out!
She's not even that pretty. I don't know why he likes her ? "Because she's a whore, duh"
#2omf always bring up #oomf every time i'm around them!
Thanks for the follow!!
I have 2 more spots in South Jersey. Looking for C#, #ASP.Net Developer with #Oracle. Did I mention they were permanent? As …http://
everywhere ii go somebody tryin to be my boyfriend
< thanks for the follow!
going to disneyland with my parents
no need a new goalie. Crawford sucks.
Getting pretty tired of this crappy #weather in #Chicago. Need a pick me up this #Monday!
follow back?
I'm serious! But ahhhw man,now I remember ): well,ill see ya around! Lmfao
Your son cleans up nicely. Although he is still rocking a five o'clock shadow.
Blazer fans, subject to final approval, basketball is back! NBA players & owners reach tentative deal early this a.m.
` but can i get a mention though
I don't like coach Kelly. Idkw but I do. She said I wasn't committed enough this year and thats why she cut me.
Marco Estrada is so bad
Its important to drink water after a massage to maintain your hydration levels
send me some stuff
he takes after his mama with the dance loving?
o hush your mouth, what's wrong with gettin one
All i wanna do is get to Top
unexpected appearance by #petergabriel in my pandora radio feed. the afternoon improves dramatically
Agreed. Hopefully they'll both be able to return again soon without fear of arrest or protracted court hearings.
thought you went to bed lol
Sorry, it sounds like you are having a bad day.
NO CONFIDENCE in AZ GOP State Chairman Tom Morrissey - AZ GOP Leadership NOT following Roberts Rules at State Convention -
Its official!! Makes the best imagines ive seen so far!!
Wow! Just amazing....makes me sad I missed it! But I think it means Gingrich's got SC in his hand...
Aye girl
bored with your workout? Circuit Training blends strength training and cardio activity at different intensities
Great night taking photos at the Fancy Dress party!! Everyone looked great!
My life seems so over shadowed by this still. I can't even sleep...
If seems like they can't take a joke and go run telling my mom.
Our statehood is under review?! If our state's name was as lame as yours, it'd be South Canada.
Good morning today school
Sigh lost by 16 points in darts, game 1 of Game of Games
gotta be hard up there since its cold
What a hater! Go IU!
where r u playin?
then go to sleep
Super Customer Experience: Leaders, Are You Attitude Ready? by <my comments added>
It's #snowing still," said Eeyore gloomily. "So it is." "And freezing." "Is it?" "Yes," said Eeyore.
I'm junderwood25 on DrawSomething if anyone wants to play.
The HOPE Is a dream that doesn't sleep
Huh? Who is rated a 62? Who is rated an 85? Whose numbers are these?
A Walk to Remember is on TV. I may have to watch chick flicks all night.
low key Carlton use to kill that shit
shouldn't that be "throttles challenged"?
repulse? you repulse easy!
omg cant believe u took a pic.
its one of their slower songs, but idk it just shows alot of what they can do
“: Steve Blake's season-high 19 pts has up 84-78. 3:40 left in the 4th in Game 7 on TNT. Does Denver have another run in them?”
A3: Meeting lifelong friends from around the world in Cape Town South Africa
i die for joan and melissa!!!!!
i love to talk to you all 2nite for free! will you come to keep company with me in free chat? see my sexy clothes!
Matt Kemp has been placed on the DL (hamstring) he will be on the DL for 15 games.
Sent the hubby to the mall-should be interesting!
Thanks it's fully recovered this is just first REAL test. Good luck @ LSU but remember, everyone wants to be a Nole!
I'm about to go to bed soon..
Such a fucking idiot I swear.. Im getting back to my #NT roots except this time imma have bitchs in line for the kicks..
WELL DESERVED! Of course you are missed in Grenoble but can't wait to hear all the good news!
#NathanFact he has the cutest cat ever.
i better find u lol
We made it to El Paso, maybe half way more until tonights destination.
awesome. Thank you!
Guess you'll be registering, then! Let me know if it's worth it...
I saw where she said her birthday was in 16 days.
I need to do something today or I'm not getting out of bed.
Young Justice is such an amazing show! The writers did some serious research! I can't get enough
Dearest Design Bloggers, If you love blogging about food so much, you should have 2 blogs then or pick a damn lane. XOXO, JB
If the Goonies reference is what they're after, maybe they're signaling they'll sign Prince Fielder to do the Truffle Shuffle.
Since I'm not studying I should atleast get some rest for tomorrows final.
ooh, sounds interesting! It seems reasonable that it could go either way, depending on reason for doing so.
You're the last person I should ever take advice from.
I still feel bad giving midterms..well not as bad as taking them
ill text u web I get home
Harry S. Truman was broke and out of work at the age of 38. At the age of 45 he was the most powerful leader in the world.
This time next week I'll star in the long-anticipated role as patient at St.Vincent Women's Hospital; post-perf reception in post-op. Wheee!
I hope sings Ol Red at the show tonight! #oldiebutagoodie gosh he's cute!
wat it do big homie...I was fuckin wit you n NAPTOWN B4 CHRISTMAS....NOW I'M FUCKIN WIT YOU N MY HOMETOWN...MILWAUKEE
If it isn't yours I wouldn't bother either. :p
do this Heels!!!
Outstanding Athletic Coach of the Year -- Ed Leyden.
I got that from rodney when you played ball with him
miss you too Loren :))
I went from feeling accomplished to dejected in 2 hours.
Why is it that i love you and hate you at the same time?
The "Wahoowa" heard 'round the world--Chris Canty's Super Bowl pregame intro to more than 100,000 million viewers.
Is really tweeting himself right now..
RT : typical lebron getting pissed off for no reason except for granger bumping him as he came back down to the floor
People fuckin irritating
did you reach the end yet?!
WHOA whoa! Robinson is TOO cute!
whats up y'all?
I love you fucking people. Srsly. <3 All love.
thanks for the mention and happy #WW! Walla Walla is one of the finest wine regions in the world - I love it!
happens to me everytime!!!
time with is time well spent. So smart, so many ideas, so much experience....and lessons in NY ambient makeup.
oh man. that was a day-maker right there.
Its nice to get feedback and even better when its positive - a little can go along way :)
I said it was my opinion
I actually love their grilled cheese sandwiches. DH is big on the ocean water kick!
So. So. Full. — Great lunch in downtown Waltham though.
I just want to watch GOOD cartoons!!
nice article today, thanks for having the balls to challenge Bob Knight and his
Gloves are off! lol RT : Oh, fight, re: the #Browns, between and ! Keep it clean, fellas!
someone told me that is was yours and Selena's 1 year anniversary. Not sure if its true. But if it is, HAPPY ANNIVERSARY!! <3
I will have a trivia question for everyone at 11am central, who's ready to win a prize??
Hey Vinnie please where is the proof of Motive, Intent Lying does not prove murder you were a prosecutor.
Want to help a homeless child? Giving an hour or two a week can make a big impact! Email to help!
i miss you peter<3
8 of my 10 trending topics are Whitney Houston related.
i love being me. (cont)
In the coming years, I'll be comparing the careers of Nick Perry and Courtney Upshaw VERY closely.
You will find a girl prettier than me, smarter than me, and funnier than me, but you will never find a girl just like me!
StoryCorps markw stories on scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on wave data
sweden , scandinavia , usa , england
let's put it together
Our selection for "Best Food & Drinks in SE Portland" is The Observatory Restaurant. Amazing job Kate & Todd have done!
Special Shout out to for helping boost my twitter followers! xoxoxo
it's Pentecost. Toussaint is still comparatively a youngster.
that said, I'm also worried he's over-hyped... But I adore Michael Matz
We'll go with you :)
thks Jacob. Keep supporting comedy
Lent, and idk just don't need it.
Yesterday is gone tomorrow is not promised realize what you have today cause It might be taken away in the blink of an eye
“: LOLLAPALOOZA 2012 HEADLINERS: METALLICA - BEYONCE - RED HOT CHILI PEPPERS - THE KILLERS - BECK - SONIC YOUTH" Ew.
hope all is well, follow back, lets chat DM us
he's not on the show anymore.
"I'm saying that... I hope you'll be happy because you will always be the love of my life." Tom to Lynnette
Definition of "EX" = Thanks for the EXperience. Our time has EXpired. Now EXit my life.
God...now I feel stupid.
God morning.
What it look like
tell him how you feel 💑
justin bieber?
Just curious. plethora of first novels reviewed in July issue; is it that we like the novelty or is that what's on offer?
You could see TWELFTH NIGHT on the actual 12th night of May on Saturday. Or heck, go crazy, see it on the afternoon of the 13th!
You should FOLLOW ME because im filipina and i love you(: and i dont live in the philippines. Yeah those are my reasons(x
Faith is not just believing... It's boldly trusting God without reservation.
#PrayforSamuel awe hope he getss better!!!!
A True Friend is Willing to Sacrifice, A True Friend is loyal defense before others, A True Friend Encourages, A True Friend Perseveres
Congratulations to my hometown basketball team, the Charleston Bluejays, on wining their 11th Class 3A state championship on Saturday.
Because we all knew it was true, you saucy minx ;-)
Time to hang out with my mom and get my pretty new shoes from my old apartment. Yay.
Long time no tweet.... I missed twitter ;'(
Ain't no u in love and ain't no I in team.
Also I still have mostly every note any girl has given me and or drawings...Gotta keep these highschool memories to look back at in the ...
I Love You moree
well I'm just glad he gonna get famous but I just wanted to meet him at least once:(
haha ok i will go back after work and buy one of each flavor and we will have a cardboard-cream cookie party!
Congratulations for winning lunch with
in this, they pretend it's a book for purposes of rights, but rely on crap OCR, poor proofing, etc. It's a contractual gambit.
CUTE RIGHT
january! :) and you will, just keep workin for it!!
Whitney's death is shocking but sad truth is that we all know the effects of drug use.. Not confirmed yet but we all know..
Where, oh where, is the chocolate?
Depends on the hat.
What's truly amazing is that it takes an appearance on an award show for the general public to "discover" a true talent.
Come see us at Booth #232 at #ipw12 with ! Having a great time with , though thinking that they need here!
Hey Samantha! Are you at #PLA?
exact same... ima hit you up when im in town
Austins face when his mad >>>
Mfs b lying stupid hard
tweet me updates if u could
RT : RT : Looking for partners to promote next month's #ChocoTweetup benefiting Seattle food banks. R you in?
double chocolate FTW
I guess
Student Entrepreneurs Participate in PSU Elevator Pitch Competition at the Portland State Business Accelerator
#njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey Opening Address - has consulting business titled "Libraries are Essential" A great name on a business card!
Rangers-Caps... I'm rooting for the ice to melt and swallow both teams whole.
Begnning endocrine today.. first up - endocrine.. eek
This line is crazy long for #KingCake! At #haydelsbakery!
Bradley just 5 points shy of his career high, 20 points..
I honestly don't like the new Season 3 opening credits.
#teamfollowback I always follow back!
#CommonTattoos Kanji, Arabic & Hebrew script.no one can read, neither can you. But, I want a new one Hebrew script on my shoulder next month
Trusting God means looking beyond what we can see to what God sees.
that stat about Romney should be tweeted 1x every hour of every day till Wednesday after election day.
I love everything about her, especially her eyes ;D
Hell yeah! I got them both for $20
Friday will be amazing with , and devon. :)
Inspired by : How do we make off-site & on-site visitors feel like part of a community?
- I feel for you on the KG issue.
Teacher: I wished you would pay a little attentionPupil: I'm paying as little as I can !
Fridays = Austream day ♥
true that!
I fuck with Ready or Not joint
You should! Glad you got tickets :)
You took the words (tweet) right out of my mouth.
nm. Bored. What's up with you?
I just met you, this is crazy. Here's my number, call me maybe 😉
The surgery was a success!!!!!! Thank you lord... He is truly the Amazing!!!! I am so blessed that he was my surgeon today.. God is the KING
at Robeson. These fake coaches are funny to me.
or slam
I was right!
Thanks for the follow Chester!
Thanks for the shout out brother, you ready for Christmas? Hope your doing well!
#inmiddelschool everyone accepted you
Catch David Way, Reign Supreme, Vitamin D, Wizdum, Blunt Crew, Prince God, n Manny Duke at Beer Co 2nite! $3 shots! Ugly Sweater Contest!
You're a shotgun - bang! whats up with that thang? I wanna know, how does it hang?
90% of rap is crap. Wayne is among that. And you hate me everyday so whats new?
wet chalk. wet streets.
Oh not directing :) just acting and producing hehe
SPEED BACK TO LA CHRIS, NEED THOSE VIDEOS. No, just kidding be safe. :')
at the NINES Editorial board meeting at UVA, about to start.
SoHo on lunch break...is there any better pizza on earth? Think not!
why not -_- I was invited lol
They are also yhe songs that I have to dance to... If only a little bit when i hear them played in public
I'm just eating pancakes and drinking milk and enjoying the stars in the sky, though. Don't mind me.
Ha I'd rather do either than do push ups!
Woke up wit a headache. Not a good sign for my day!!!
Schnucks run for beets and tomato paste for our intestines
Just a reminder that Brad Loomis and the Resonance, Levi Ware & Sean McGrath will be happening this friday!
Thinking about heading over to 17th and Walnut
Just loaded twitterberry... Might as well do this whole hog. I don't use my blackberry up to its full potential anyways.
avoiding my bookie because you guys couldnt cover!
San Diego County voted Tue to form a new advisory council addressing #humantrafficking & #childprostitution! Way to go, SD!
I really don't know how I feel
LINKEDIN, Y U NO LET ME CANCEL MY PREMIUM ACCOUNT?!
Weirdly, the Tokidoki love makes my hand feel better. Thank you!
His lawyer said that Zimmerman was "frustrated that he had even been charged at all." I cant TELL u how much this makes my brain explode.
and having $1m when you retire is like paying yourself a tax-free salary of $50k a year for 20 years in addition to your 401k.
Smart and new-ish staffer Robin Moir already whipping some shape into our mulitple delivery systems.
what does that mean? Haha
I hate the time difference between the USA and the UK, and most mahomies are sleeping still:')
Audrea - get ahold of me tomorrow for your tickets!
So, is it cheaper for taxpayers to have a council vote or for taxpayers to pay for it through the ballot?
RT : So I got excited cuz the tv said impractical jokers was comin on ..but it obviously lied. I guess #wienerscircle will do!!
Hahaha. I just did! I want you to follow me back though!(: Pleasee. I love the country and I try and follow all country peps
Sweet! RT : We're proud to bring you our brand new single. Pretty Little Thing on our website now! www.thekicksrock.com RT!!
eating meat on ash wednesday and hanging up on deaf people...not a good start to lent
I am at home, discharged from the hospital. I am happy & I know tht the doc & nurses r very happy. I dont let them give me the okey-doke
RHCP Jam With Slash, Ron Wood, George Clinton and Green Day Singer
YAY for rain at New Trails. That should mean new hay soon :)
thanks! Modeled in Rhino beta for Mac.
good after noon all is well had a storm come though last nite, no damage my rosees are in full bloom
The world changes every day. As technology advances, change accellerates its pace. Position yourself in the right place at the right time.
We're playin' our songs... when the sun comes down :)
#LGBT people in southern states are more likely than northern counterparts to be raising kids. Marriage inequality hurts these families.
love you too hannah<3
“: Who you guys picking tonight?..”--who you got?
I wish I could've gotten a pic of me in the sound booth just now! So cool! I wanted to be like..."can I get more snare in my headphones?"
Apparent outbreak of tapeworm in the Pittsburgh area - this can be treated with Niclosamide, compounded by Hieber's. www.Hiebers.com
Tomorrow is Ash Wednesday and the start of Lent
Is the lockout over is there going to be football
ok. Let me know.
NICE! Miss you guys. Love from MI
I think I'm going to write an ode to cereal. I love this stuff! , your #redberries rock!!!!
": More #whitney news on "State of the Union" (9am ET/PT)"
very nice
STD: Short Term Disability. :P
I'll try to make it happen
#NowFollowing -- THANKS FOR SUPPORT!!
RT : Ah rain, you make me wnt to bake things and curl up next to someone.
My fro looks and feels amazing
The more lawyers there are, the more people are out there to encourage others not to go to law school
That shot of Axford showed the outfield bleachers sure emptied out in a hurry.
Said I wasn't allowed to "combine discounts"
Happy thanksgiving to all :)
BattleofAtlanta 43 presents Jujitsu & Grappling June 18. Rules & Divisions: www.battleofatlanta.info 500 Divisions total! Join us!
Confession: i am really into black guys....idk y i just am XD
Besides KD i cant think of anyone else who disserves it.
Single digits!!!
To day is a new fresh day! God is good..
Fuck Danny and Christian.
that's my little sis.
Sad to hear. Burnt out from the road? Guess eating potato chips from in between a dudes toes just doesn't cut it forever. :(
lol well @ least ther was 1 ther. Its not a zoo w/ a lion 8)
I'm going to be a real live massage therapist. Thank God!
Awesome! Glad u dug RATLINE. Gonna phone mom and be all "yeah, well, Heather likes my movie, dammit."
im getting excited :D
Good luck at #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. Looking forward to the updates!
Of course, you are most likely past that point by now.
Those were good times running up & down the hall between out offices trying to catch every game we could.
Headed to Savannah's last Lacrosse game of her 10th grade year. Tear.
Headed To The Civic Center. We On In 15.
See How to FAUX Hawk at Twistii.biz under Stylist Videos
Good luck coach. Take the Read & React to the finals!
clear action directives: include at least two buttons on each screen. You have to ask users for what you want.
Yea, i'll tell her to try an see you.
I just know ur pops Ocky and echo and her 5 kids
Dude if this happens again, ill go ape shit
SF Fire CU. My credit card has a sloth on it, I rest my case.
Okay..ahem #ParisHilton is not an artist of anything, especially music. Quit with the "new song" drama. Just spend ur money, silver spoon.
Good eating.
Thank you!!! You are amazing...
it happened again!!!! Chick we were just working non stop in LA :( I'm back next weekend short visit!!
and you as well. sent you an email .
not when it start... Bit it came just in time
and I approve of your new kit's boob lasers!
Craving California Rolls...
Hi...this is Kelly joining in from Cincinnati. I'm a high school U.S. & World History teacher. Great to be here!
lets hope for the best today girls;)
i want to kiss him on his little head. Is he doing better?
Wow! Just got out of class and heard. No, nothing in Cincinnati, unless I'm more oblivious than I thought.
Looking 4 & testing Affiliate Marketing programs. I'm committed 2 financially empowering artists & arts organizations. Trying eLitius now.
eagerly anticipates 's Wikis for #Genealogy talk at this morning's CGSSD meeting
Bernards: "Southeast Asian Lit comes at the very end of #MLA12, but at least there is a session on SEA." SEA Sino-phone Culture panel
SF is one of the cities we're considering expanding to. In town this wk. Let me know if you'd like to meet. cc
New Destination Truth tonight - a haunted location in the desert :)
Justification is the work of God FOR us. Sanctification is the work of God IN us.
"What you do speaks so loudly, that I cannot hear what you say" R.Waldo Emerson. Leadership principles at work.
I have no problem with Smith saying that about Davis re: Dieng. But man, what does he hope to accomplish with all the smack talk?
Great post!
Biggest epic fail in history: Dark Lord vs innocent baby named Harry.... Harry wins.
braves suck too!
RT : More animals & friendly staff. This is our first season pass, we love it - members forever.
$2.50 Bud light drafts all day. Come watch all your favorite Football Teams with us!!! We have Pro & College football packages!!!
just "mentioned" you on the comment thread to the image, so it should pop up next time you log in. Can't describe it here.
Merritt: Drechsler went "over the line" on phone record comments.
Can't wait!Weather/clothing advice would be really welcome. If we r staying in dorms, any chance we can access the univ's gym?
I misread your tweet as "I'm the wrong person to fuck ever".
Playing #TheOneThatGotAway now on the radio... www.jammin1420.com Check it out.
Definitely, suggest that one to the Milwaukee Bucks! They might interested!
A beirutsi goes to a bar and sees a man having his way with a goat out back. He informs the bartender who says: "kidem, baa-baa's eh!"
I'm going to be really sad when my #traderjoes sea salt and turbinado sugar dark chocolate almonds are gone.
Bruce Lee~ A good teacher protects his pupils from his own influence.
The #Patriots #colts AFC Championship game is on #ESPN2 right now. The Pats would have beat the #bears in superbowl. Another one got away
The funny thing is I didn't even see his post until after I tweeted mine lol
Happy Cinco de Mayo! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.ETSY.com Visit my #ETSY shop for a #sale on #Mexican #Talavera #earrings!
Lily's at a sleepover, so dinner out, long walk; gee, it's too quiet around here.
If you want some entertainment, click on this #AllStarWeekend hashtag and read the intelligent comments
RT : BREAKING: Somebody actually swung and missed at a K-Rod changeup.
Tangerine RT Blue or tangerine?
trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew
Not even tired anymore, fuck that shit.
I have Nate Spears's attograph on my glove..... :D
Praise be to God & Father of our Lord Jesus Christ the Father of compassion & the God of all comfort. 2 cor 1:3
Across the street from Tartine? I mean, it doesn't get any better than that.
#TextMsgsThatMakeYouMad hey what's up? Nmu. Same.
was the basketball star there? ha
there are no tech reports in sociology
Mayor Richards speaking to City Council about budget, need to get state to act beyond new pension tiers
friendly wager for the game today love?
What do you think makes planning a #familyreunion difficult?
Can't wait to hear about it. Glad to see you have Emily in your line up. She's fabulous.
We like: 1140 grids, Skeleton, Zurb, Bootstrap.
Haven't been on twitter for awhile. Doing lots of FA things tho. Support group mtg this Thu doing epi training. Lots of school board mtgs.
katcoo: watching online debriefing of the #SLA2010 conference in New Orleans. Cool way to get updates. SLA2011 already sounds good.
Filming in upstate NY, staying at vacant Inn with no guests or staff, think of "The Shining"... here's Johnny! Great interior shots.
. #ntyquestion Ringo, thought it was the answer to a crossword clue (it wasn't)
we can be one in our own minds. Haha
Just saw two bums sharing a capri sun :(
The Wall Street Journal () reported that 94 percent of successful job hunters claimed that #networking made all the difference for them.
Great coverage for #BlackHistoryMonth in
Increasingly often I end up eating the food that I cook for my 10-month old son. The pediatrician said it should be the other way round
Downtown San Diego <3
Did everyone have a good week? Hope you have an even better weekend ;) I'll be on , as usual!
Okay, fess up, who took my keys.
I'm confused at what Lady Gaga is trying to be.
Can I use you as my personal scout? I want to know the places to go and what to skip when we go next month!!!
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me (: If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU<3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING<333
Sorry, I am just floored that they would print such a wrong headline.
When it comes to setting the standards for your life, don't be afraid of HEIGHTS
I hate mosquito's - blood sucking bastards
You like the Hawks, but not the Braves? C'mon Morgan!! can't wait to hear all of
Got an idea for cleaning up the Gulf oil spill? It could win you $10M from XPrize...email ideas to Francis Beland:
why open the show with that?
Looking forward to hearing about Bama's 7 year journey implementing emotional intelligence into their culture
RT : Aftonbladet has enough revenue from digital to close down its print edition - Anna Settman.
Good morning
One way to feel instantly (and briefly) stylish: Put white tires on your bike.
Apple iPhone Android Double Verizon Profits as It Ramps Up
Looking for fishnet stockings should not be this hard!!!! Uuugghh!!!
Thank you for your support. We might lose some people along the way, but we push through. Livestreaming will be back this week! Stay tuned
HAHAHAHA, thought I'd check one of those unclaimed property sites to see if maybe I had some. Instead found that my brother has unclaimed $$
We miss you!! How many weeks til the next episode??
watching the #suns vs #celtics #nba Amare rocks!
Wow, cool! Congratulations!
Beloved Google Indic Transliteration now helps w/ the hardest to type: Urdu! 11 N & S Indian languages in all. And Ta3reeb for Arabic too!
#NFL32 Bengals lack consistent drafting n smart decisions to be relevant in discussion involving my #Steelers n Ravens
Collapsed left lung, but okay. Thanks for all the support of my friends, teammates and nc state staff! Will be running soon.
Lord somebody done robbed the ghetto Wal-Mart in Miramar, FL. They're bold robbers because the employees in that store are rude and thuggish
Product Review: #LUSH Stepping Stone Scrub v. disappointed with performance; smells delish; toes are suck-ready; experience sucked!
Welcome to new followers
Congrats on the suggestion shop! You definitely deserve to have finally gotten something in there :)
you know what love is a beauty of the soul .
I.just want a quick fix
-If FB isn't your cup of tea, check out the You Tube #Paranormal Pooch book trailer.
If she didn't pull it out her mouth during a joint session! It wasn't a 3SUM!!
Bitch! You know what I want! - Samson, Half Baked
idk if i can do that :)
I like #KillIndiana better.
great post! New to Olioboards, thanks to fb share.
Snorting crystal light pink lemonade is a bad idea.
After his latest tax package I'm sure NH will love to hear how he's bringing jobs and citizens to VA.
Taxes suck! I can't believe we owe so much! #FML!!!
Awesome. Yeah, it's an amazing event and something more people should experience. I'm a fan! ;-) What did you build?
lol but she making a big mess
No phone so...um yeah
Oh:)Also I thought it was hip hop not steppin,I didn't like it,I didn't see the judge's opinion but I had predictions. .
what's the haps in Charlotte?
71-65 #Grizzlies getting in their rhythm!!!!
hope ur cousin is better. Will say prayers for her. I think drs anymore just try n get the easyway out. Sad.
and I mean it! You're your grandfathers grandson! Genitcallyhigh!
I'm seriously an idiot. But even after everything....got in the car and What Makes You Beautiful was on.... always makes things better.
“: Exactly 10 days ago I PRd at 100lb front squat. Today I broke that at 125lbs :-) yay crossfit” that's huge!
awh that sucks...well hopefully its gets better soon!
RT : gotta disagree. You gotta read the defense. (gotta disagree...you hit the open man)
He got 24..
installing mods are so annoying,I keep gettin a black loading screen,ever happen to you?
RT : God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas, but for scars. -Elbert Hubbard
I'm thinking Driving range tomorrow night after I look for a new #job in #Boston. Who has the heated bays and who has #Boston #Deals ?
Wow, Sonic's really busy. Wonder why? ;)
For a bonus alkaline benefit, try cooking with alkaline water instead of regular tap water.
haha I'm sorry mr.bad ass who is too cool for school! lmfao
lol no what were saying?! >:(
How did you like it? It's on my list and I'm not sure if I'll have time to go check it out in person.
You might not be able to do everything you find out, but find out everything you can do. - Jim Rohn
Research is no joke!
Went to Nebraska v Zags in Peoria AZ.. Big Red fans are amazing! At least 500 in Red!! Tough start for Coach Erstad..
QOTD Answer (if much too late to matter): Arthur C. Clarke
Days like today when the temperature sunshine and humidity are in perfect balance are a gift! There is something so calming about them
Is boyfriend out already ? :o
working on getting it back up and running smoothly!
a boi get off twitter in studyhall wats bren up wit ya though
Hip hurts</3
I love when grandparents come to the library with their kiddies.They tend to engage w/their kids more than moms&nannies who chat w/ea. other
LOLZ someone asked me if I like "one day" I'm like "one direction.....? LOL GASP
"Crossed by the Border-A Historical Geography of the US/Mexico Borderlands" Carrie Mott
Nice to meet you Pratyush I received your hello and hope your having a nice weekend
omg i love your icon! bahaha thats adorable :)
that's what I'm saying haha. Let's get some ppl togethet
LOL ~ I've been twittering since I started hours ago!!!!!!
I don't have your iPod number!
Me and gunna rock this presentation tomorrow!!! Lemme get a "WAY OH"
you can send me a press release to Thanks!
A new motto we're considering for FG: 'We're not out to change your game, we're just out to change your life.' Your travel life, that is.
Have you heard.... "He who wants milk should not sit himself in the middle of a pasture waiting for a cow to backup to him." Don't wait DO!
wow! This takes the phrase ”don't fall in” to a whole other level...hahaha
someone say Disney? Love it there.
I love Georgetown because of the people. I feel that I am in a community with people who understand me.
nAsty!! I still got that image in my head
Me too * grabs Pink oil moisturizer* RT : Time to wrap my hair
Last night it is a blur, lol
Last few days for #nbcam! Use coupon code "pink" to save $10 AND If you actually purchase a pink ipod, we'll donate $20 to
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I thought u would have gone with pantera for some reason :)
#shitnoonesays "yeah coach, I won't drink or chew before this game"
Spring Green, WI: Friday, November 11th @ Arthur's Supper Club! 8pm. FREE show!
check my music-mr unknown i want to b ur hip hop juke box
Can't send men to the grocery store smh!
Have a Cheery weekend!! :)
#Jace for the win please
Hi Marta, thanks for the follow!
We should go head to head. Or maybe be in the same circle. You'll see what that means halfway through the book. Book club?
RT : Giraffe. So fab. RT : One of my faves for spring-summer Neimans also has Maniac pumps....
In the actual game, Tebow outplayed Moore, Palmer, Rivers, Ponder, Hanie, Sanchez, and Cassel. So he's atleast better than 7 NFL QB's
I don't get to see the Avengers until tomorrow, but you bet your sweet bippy I won't say anything about it online except "I loved it!"
im glad we both have da gift of humor......no matta how ugly a guy (im not sayin ur ugly) is he still pull girls from humor.
hehe sorry, i was cutting my shirt AND failed :/
while waiting for the inevitable give Enlyton.com a try (still beta til Q1) & see if can help expedite your future research ambushes
Joe Matal who helped draft America Invents warns that a lot of powerful interests will be turned against patents by business method patents.
is a beautiful dancer. Makes me mad, its an honor to dance with jessi, sammy, AND hannah
Gobbledy-Gooker makes surprise appearance on RAW. and surprise, there is a stripper inside the suit.
People speaking ill of paterno after his death need to get a grip. Maybe come down off the horse.
no why ?
what happened to summer?
Around $500 ideally. Open to offers though
Yes I'm from #LosAngeles #CALIFORNIA and I'm a #BostonCelticsfan 💚🍀💚🍀💚🍀💚
Interested #actors and #actresses, get your demos ready. Auditions are coming soon.
are awesome. thank you!!
totally! got to step up our game.
AxeOff USA will be on Bourban St 2nite working!
Be truly glad. There is wonderful joy ahead! ~~I Peter 1:6
#whoeverimarry will make me one of the happiest people, because they wouldn't just be my husband, but they'd be my bestfriend for life(:
Excited about a lot of things thats about to happened. :)
oh Carolyn- I'm going to be one sick woman tomorrow after over indulging in White Castle cheese burgers-
what could be done? nothing.
haha what songs is it?
i guess i can hook it up for you lol
why is my dog barking tho?
ok I'll buy that! I agree! What would you do?
Is saganaki (fried cheese) StraightEdge? It has a little bit of alcohol BEFORE they fry it. The alcohol evaporates>>StraightEdge?
The worst thing about Texas being in the World Series is we'll be forced to look at Dubya's dumb mug behind home plate on TV.
Congratulations to Sibyl G. from S. Jordan, UT for winning a free #nuvoh2o salt-less water softener. Sibyl entered at the Utah State Fair.
At the rodeo to see zz top
Check the new site on your iPhone. That one rate us ad jacks the whole page and covers up your picture and show logo.
Tanning for 5 hours :]. Im super dark .
Still a #South8Native Wouldn't Change were I was Raised its part of who Iam
#INSIGHT 'how to style your choir for commercial market place opportunities' - "Master Class" w/ JUNE 21 in DC!
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
Mental strength = not cutting ur workouts short! Your only cheating urself!
aol news. Duh.
We will be able to cross the river! THANKS RT : Can you cross the river? Tysons has a serious lack of good convenient food
lol your invited!
Aw, feel better, Damian.
When are you guys coming to New York?
Trust me, I am. Though that Avengers trailers was neat.
I really love you people, but not in a creepy way or anything (mostly). So many of you are amazingly creative and driven.
Brotherofman acoustic show tonight at HeadHunters in Austin - playing around midnight - come by and check it out
Never argue at the dinner table, for the one who is not hungry always gets the best of the argument
There’s a lot to be said about Super Bowl hype, but nothing better than a great #superbowl game. Bring it!
I would call you an angel, but there aren't any angels as beautiful as you :)
If Your Single Make This As Your Status & Whoever Inboxes You A '♥'Theyy Wanna Change That
you rock!
Good Monday morning! Have you seen our commercial on your favorite show?
Wish you were here for all the fun ;-)
Guy pushing a stroller with twins wearing matching Burberry hats..Tells me has no money - #stolenchildren or #stolenhats ? only in
sold like 5 Dumbfounded tickets in like 30 minutes !
lol of your running shoes xD
Found it! Whew! Let the church say Amen! 🙏
MT : Steve King says interns would come back "in tears" when they couldn't find a regular light bulb. #weirdoffice << scary
Changes coming to the website - even some video interviews! Yeehaw!
OPEN MIC TONIGHT! Tix are free w/ a two-item minimum! 8PM!
Ugh. Puked mid workout on the trail. People just casually passing by. Embarrassing. Then a spider crawled on me. Double ugh.
im not sure if i gave you the rite URL for nialls
Today's word is VALUE. As used in I VALUE all that I am blessed to have in this world.
RT Grandpa, CBS: "How do I accept a video call?" Mzuck: "You click the button."
lol well try it once, if you don't like it, send it back and get your money back. We'll even refund your shipping & handling.
What I'm remembering is Santigold does electro-pop stuff. Wikipedia tells me she's also 10 days younger than I am.
Ready! RT : The will host the on opening day May 19
I'm tempted to literally set fire to the rain. But, I can't because I'm in campus right now :/
that figures!
follow for all the latest news on #COD #BlackOpps and a chance to land a copy of the game a week early
hahaha its just so good!
fuck your ice cream
feeling left out
Miss you too! See you next year.
You've followed & unfollowed me three times in like a week.
Just got more expensive to challenge a competitor's Ad. B/NAD increase fee from $3,500 to $5,000 (for non-partner, fee is $6,000 - $20,000
oh I get ya, he said "in that order" and you said agree. Either way, I'm still rooting for the bucks to win it all
So seen sum old faces today
Shake it off Yo
yay! thanks for being our 700th Follower!!! :) DM your address for a $5 Frenchy's card
Vacuums make me paranoid.
Why are you here?
#RT if u are an #independent mother and do your best
Today was a good day!
Please refer to my response to for details.
Thinking today that Levon Helm had a much better life than Richard Manuel.
Great evening in store tonight; game seven of the World Series, then going with my sweetie to see
Off to rent car for conference & sitting with cast of Hangover. 6 guys +groom on way to bachelor party. Hope not at our hotel!
Nice! Perfect timing to get the Gatorade dump!
“: hey cutie wanna follow 4 follow? :)” #done || now make it happen! Lol
: PR team gave the go-ahead for the "Eat Crow Baby" banner.
Here we go
Thanks a lot!
Good point.
Party at my house :D Dj and everythin outside.
Goodnight everyone!
didn't get any either
Cator: Imp for Assessment- Growth (adaptive tech), Measure Range of Standards, Leverage Technology
Accomplished at what we have not quite figured out. :)
POTUS, on his upcoming lunch with cong leaders: ""I'm going to offer them some hoagies." (via WH pool)
You'll get a little off track sometimes but today's a new day! Hit the reset button and keep moving
Kinect will also enjoy full connectivity with Facebook, via a game specifically created to sync with the social networking site.
you are?! whenn!
I think Tourrettes sufferers are just people who habitually spill used coffee grounds on the floor.
if they had made the same effort they could have made something on the same level
About Last Night on Netflix tonight. Chicago in the '80's, nice! Chris Trager before he moves to
saw it live & did a double take - thx for posting - surprised there's no FCC action, but the time of night makes sense.
Are you referring to my sweet illustration skills?
new twitter - follow<3
Social media uses your most expensive resource - time. Once you engage, you can't stop
also and most important just know that your beautiful any guy would be lucky to have u. He will come :)
• career wise sure, just lately it's been oddly poor out there.
I'm sorry. You can come to Texas 
PROGRAMMING ALERT: The #Baltimore filmed #GameChange premieres TONIGHT on HBO at 9pm!!!
If he is afraid to approach you, then you are more expensive than those to which he easily fits.
Important talks re: shared print collection management. see
so....fuck marketing.
where you at ?
yea.. I didn't get half the junk on there.. It has maybe 2 ?'s from 2nd semester...
Damn my uncle is connected my political career looks very promising after talking to him
That scuffle was the most exciting thing I've seen in the last half hour.
Lesley, I love the Carrie Diaries feature!
Quote for the morning: "Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self." Jean-Luc
No Clint just told everyone to get off of their asses.
you getting those Cavs 4's?!
Only reason my azz on twitter cause we have no power at work....
hahaha ok.. Ripping some shots on the nets
Tks for the follow!
if any of the team is there. ;)
want make it today .... She is filling worse today.... She doesn't want mE to go anywhere
Sat On My Back During P.E. ! Haha XD
Heading to Thr3e Wise Men for a growler refill... 6 bucks, and the beer doesn't taste like water!
Watching The Smurfs.
a really great checkout experience today - kudos to josh Norris at the front desk
Do you really think that some red neck in Virginia is sitting there going: I was gone vote for that Obama fellow, but now that he came out..
Your husband is being a brain conservationist? ? ?
": CJ Watson just out there collecting a check" dont b talkin about my boo u took it too far it ends here lol !
Time for the Badgers to death maul the Ducks...the Duck's D is starting to wear down
you know what? I think I knew that, considering how many of those I own...
Delta delayed to Chicago. Weather must be too nice.
#NewOrleansBowl 87 yd punt return for the Cajuns now up 13-3 over SDSU. ULL is playing some seriously inspired ball right now!
Can someone tel me why we r so wicked but if you like by the gun you will died by the gun i am a man of the!!!!!!! lord and man
Spinach and feta omelette with garlic and buttery bread. Everything tastes better after a run.
thanks, we are! Miss you too!
RT : shout out to my dogs #laredosfinest leggs go!
You best get to Tweetin, Cuuuuz....Share your words of wisdom with the TwitterVerse. haha
National Coffee Day? Are you kidding me? enoughisenough. Go sit in the corner.
Not again... The cycle is repeating itself.
I banished every memory you and I have ever made ..!
I get that too! (not from the Mirror though)
Yes! Absolutely! It's all Philly Phil from here.
thanks for the #FF!
Parc at Rittenhouse Square! It's great for lunch...the decor transports you to the 1920s.
Me too!
Handlebar Mustache
Fill in the blank! Everything I needed to know about #compensation I learned from ____.
I will give you the best trick and treat; u had ever :) just hit me up?!
“: u still #tardyforthaweddin?”>>> I am
Feast your ears on the #SundayJazzLounge tonight at Bohemian Caverns 8-11 Featured soloist Tedd Baker!!
o! How about a hint?
Andrew Shaw was the Beatles inspiration
15 MORE HRS. TILL THE WINNER WILL BE ANOUNCED LETS MAKE THE MONEY PIMP ME AT THE MOST MENTIONS WILL WIN 4 FREE TICKETS WITH HEFF
Congrats! What year was the Horn Dog?
Thanks for retweeting
Good morning Twitterverse. The weekend is finally here. Hope all had a great week full of God's blessings.
RT If anyone else wants a shout out just RT this.
and #Gaylord announced new water and snow theme park in
Thank god for my wonderful husband who's taking care of our 1/2 acre grassy sprawl! I enjoy our beautiful yard, but it's too much work!
RT : Study Finds Early Childhood Educators Can Effectively Screen Students For Autism In Underserved Communities -...
Write them down. You may want them later.
Sat sept 24.. My bday party going down inside the place call club 241..4637 white plains rd.,bx n.y. music by dj Frass Vybes and dj Coby. ..
Tobe - You can't motivate anyone - Everyone is motivated for their reasons, not yours
something wrong with fez one not working, barcode one already redeemed :[
Doctor's appointment at 9 a.m tomorrow. SO NOT looking forward to it. :(
the real question is, who will use them first? haha
December Special: Buy a Galaxy Ballast + a SunSystems Reflector (min $100) & we'll give u $75 towards a new Lamp! In-store only.
Great minds ...
My mentions are dead.
Be in the Office Without Being in the Office
So many drunk people in silly hats
LOL. Mind you, us older gals still have it goin on.
Getting more and more followers on G+ and Quora. Does that mean people are actually using those networks?
we should really do it like a big fam...afterwards make an an babysit
Hmm..time..left
Nice to see a new track coming to Michigan, can't wait to check it out www.33motorsportspark.com
Thanks for sharing the quote! Would you like an ADD shirt? I'm the guy who wrotethant & I think you're why I sold 4 shirts today
“: haven't seen u on tv in a while, are u doin courtside or something soon?” back on trailblazers.tv tues @ noon
Just let me know
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
Other Desert Cities was great! Unexpected twists. Loved seeing it w/ &
The Happiest People In The World
lol it does, wasn't trying to
i love me some bowling too!
Power outage delays good for Niners, by the time they play again Ben's pain killer will have worn off
Thanks for following! and we have a very common interest. Home-canned sweet&sour jalepenos are my most recent favorite!
thank you sir! No gametrackers for this game... all we have is a big east page that refreshes every 5 minutes lol
Google isn't indexing your Tweets anymore - but DOES index tweets sent via our DC area content network..contact KME for more info...
Red Loft erupts as Carlson scores!
God it feels so damn good to be home!
Still time to see Utopia and Caucus at the Stoner Theatre!
i'll just post ones that i took without makeup on.<33
im am not!!! Lol
Filling docline requests for always makes me especially happy - giving back a tiny bit to the place that helped my sister.
Do you like it?
RT : The CO Senate gave initial approval the Buy American Act. RT if you agree that getting Coloradans back to work is critical!
I get so excited when I find a good singer on youtube.
very welcome.
I want 2 wish a Happy Mothers Day 2 all D moms in the world, May this day b filled with lots of love & Family, God Bless u all,
*paces room, glancing out window*
Tickets are still available for Birdsingers at Mingei International. Program begins at 7.
Happy Dealsday! Lovely for Nivea, classy Katie Holmes for Kamiseta, and for
Back to Business! We took time off to develop our new recycled-content paint. Introducing Simply Colors! Coming soon to a store near you!
is now following you. You can now send us a direct message.
what's up? just got my attention".
Great! :) Thanks!
Make sure to watch Season 25 Behind the Scenes tonight on OWN for the Ultimate Australian Adventure
Money may all day er day... Best fighter in the world. Can't wait to hear the critics find something this time
why lie? 99% of our teachers sick days are for mental illness
was it just me or were they holding CM3 facemask all game!!?
tried to transition from white-girl dancing to something less reliant on shuffling tonight, but alas..it was not meant to be
#ihavenotolerance for sarcastic fake assholes that call themselves MEN.
Skullman record artists Boo Frog will be supporting Roky Erickson, Friday October 22nd at the Wonder Ballroom- Portland, Oregon
Please be sure to watch Channel 10 tomorrow at 8pm for the Top 10 Historical South Florida Locations. Please note the time change.
Rickie Weeks is a run scorer and he hits RBIs all the time! He is the ultimate player!
how come #Tylorrrrr wasn't in that list ha ha ha
if you're facing the stage, we have the same left.
i am a reason to smile lol
we can take the local and you can get off in yonkers on the way back and ill just get scooped
All I want is more sleep...
We hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! It's Black Friday! Don't forget to download or full-length, "Momentum" for FREE. Spread the word.
hell yes! They lk GD! N I'm in tweet war w/, just clld #codyzeller overrated?! : you watching today?”
's dress is rainbow sherbet gorgeous!! Love it!
All tied up at 7
#Iknewitwasoverwhen the whip lashes felt half-hearted and the handcuffs were too loose.
If perhaps i had consumed more salad in my salad days, I would perhaps be slightly farther away from death.
Skipped 2 levels right to
This weather is truly ignorant.
The Lima family is a cool thing to be around.
“: how about we getaway? ;)” count me in!
I'm not gonna lie, the new Justin Bieber song, "Boyfriend" is a pretty sick jam.
Thanks to and everyone else who made it out last night!
go to basketball pissed = im gunna be pissed all night
lazy Tuesday was made for this particular Tuesday right?
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun
Its the middle of the week!! Whohas gotten a lot done so far??
I don't think my neighbors realize what time it is..
Txt2wrk feature-phone base job application/listing service includes audio (text-to-speech). Useful for limited literacy
this is set of dancer are. Good
#TapThat RT: There is still a small amount of #KnuckleSandwich in the keg, come and get it while you can!
A kick in the balls is over 9000 del (units) of pain, which is like giving birth to 160 kids and fracturing up to 3200 bones at a time.
Win a VIP TABLE for Paradise Visuals AEE Party w/Ron Jeremy TONIGHT in the ..Follow & RT!
Nation building right here at home. AMEN
hahaha. Prime example of our conversation last night.
I just got engaged to !!! We are celebrating at tonight!! So happy!
sad to leave london, but ready for the next adventure.
iono we don't have a date yet waiting to finish it 1st
Coffee and a cig.
weather and noise
Death Cab for Cutie Codes & Keys is excellent.
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
They say real Niggas don't catch feelings for a Bitch well guess what? real Nigga won't have a REAL Bitch.
Watching Nadal at the U.S.Open take off his shirt..I mean play tennis. He does not need Hi Def liposuction!
Ha! So true. RT : I keep having to remind myself I'm not in one of the #MKE Domes, & that the chirping birds are real.
blogging again finally. posting tomorrow at 8am.
Nemo's friends: Don't touch the boat! Nemo: YOLO!
one of my fav time of the yr
Watching the Whitney Home Going Service. I never really liked Tyler Perry until today. Nice tribute from Kevin Costner.
meredith has now taken my job twice, once as TODAY show co-host, now as producer--wrong, just wrong! Spread the love around!
Finally getting my tux for prom.
I flew through the hunger games trilogy but this book I'm reading now I haven't gotten into it yet. Slow and steady wins the race?
Charlie St. Cloud a good ass movie ! Not going to lie
Thanks, Wendy. It was a good presentation.
I want to run, but only far enough for you to miss me.<3
Haha I mentioned him earlier.. I was like.. there's a name I haven't heard in while.
Our artists are primarily from Austin, Texas region, however, our base of talented musicians is growing!
interesting - never heard of it before but we are constantly marketing for clients involved with similar programs
I am going to tweet you until you follow me. Expect a tweet every now and then until you follow me.
I swear every one got a hair cut today
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse. -Thomas Szasz
Yes. My research is on online war music videos, and several involved memorialization or tribute.
hi my names devon. but you can call me DEV. for short. ;-) I love so0o0o0o0o0o00o0o0o much. OMGZ
Colony Endeavor BMX Freestyle bike white 2075 2008 - bmx bikes for sale cheap
AlwayzSupportJB Well, at least now we no what she means when she calls someone her ''brother'' #Cougar ;]
We need a last minute opener for our show in West Chicago tonight. Any takers?! :D
What changed? The Twitter app seems the same?
Yeah 400 followers! Thank you all :-)
JUSTIN!!! I LOVE ALL THE BOYFRIEND TEASERS OMFG HURRY UP
No matter what your situation is the Lord will work it out! Keep praying!
love follow fridays!
follow back please? :]
making t-shirts. gonna sell them, making my own business :)
that you fell for because she was everything you lacked, gave love and inspired people, and because you didn't feel she'd return your favor
Summer Concert line up for me/Atlanta june 7 july 2 yea.
Sleep is a crucial member of the "live long & healthy" family. Lots of healing in a good night's sleep. Thanks for reminding us all!
Nope! RT : then again, is it ever too hot for chocolate and peanut butter?
Being a hater is contagious study shows it affects 1 in every 5 friends its so lethal the cure cant be achieved thru hypodermic needles
It is so cold outside, brrrrrrrrr! Winter always starts right after Halloween here. Will shiver all the way home.
Thanks! Have a great weekend.
Thank you! Appreciate that.
Hi Marlee! Just wanted you to know that your website title says Academy Award "wining" instead of winning.
I love dhat movie Horrible Bosses
I had Italian. Go figure.
Fancy some crunchy nut cornflakes .... #YUM x
Lol. That's one way of looking at it...
how's everything going? Thinking of you & grandma
Who wants a teaser of our new song? ;)
every day?
I will be stoping for dinner tonite!
I woke up this morning and thought it was friday.. shiddddd its only Tuesday :(
I will be preaching "Crabs in a Bucket!" Sunday the 12th @ 3pm. First MT Selah Baptist Church 2017 Forrest Park Rd Se, Atlanta, GA 30315
pshhh, you know I drove 95% of the time on tour right? With ZERO wrecks, thank you. If you can trust anyone its me ;)
you had me at hello.
fosters and grilled cheese and chili !.. and if you have mood disorders get help med marijuana ! legal should be
HellzYeah I do ! Finally feel like I've arrived at the train station, which we'll just call DESTINY :) It's only just beginning
FIX HER
yayyyy i shall see you next period
you inspire me to follow my dreams! I love you so much, Liam!♥
: Can you get any more annoying!?
brands I am currently fond of: and - keep up the great work.
"we have uno" "fuck yeah i love uno. What should we play?"
Yes it was bomb! that ice cream was good.
All of our CATS merchandise is 30% today for the game!!!
You are amazing and my inspiration<33 Just wanted to let you know(:
Man /Your place or mine?/ Woman /Both. You go to yours and I ll go to mine./
strava has really interesting route conflation and analysis. Interested to know how to do the same with OSM gps trace data
Knee: inner knee pain
Great Opening Day at the track & I finally got to try out Dawson's with good company...time for bed before we're back at it tomorrow!
Why America Needs a Left: A Historical Argument by Eli Zaretsky G'90, F'80 now available from Wiley.
I dislike the Sonics, but hate the Mavs more.
Sony Ericsson TM506 (Glendale) $30 - Waterproof Your IPhone ...
was granny num?
RT : RT RT IF YOU DON'T STAND BEHIND OUR TROOPS, PLEASE, FEEL FREE TO STAND IN FRONT OF THEM.
Good questions from Ron and Tyler during the q&a at
Bummed I missed you earlier!
Thanks 4 presenting both sides of marriage equality in an informed, intelligent manner. We need more of this on all topics.
Hey Dears:) When am I going to see you next? Big Hugs...
Thank you!
I sure did.
My head: Food Food Family Food Food Ariana Ariana Ariana Ariana Food Food Family Food Food & Food Ariana Family
Congrats TMLA Seniors you had a fantastic year and made me so proud ! 💙💛👍
theres like four hallways -.- gonna be lost.
RT : App as dialogue, perspectives, pathways
TGIF kiddos will b at nanas...mommy gets to work :)
Looking forward to the NFL Draft tonight! Have 2 friends who may go in the fist round! Good Luck, guys!
Just heard #Different. So good! Hope you make it down to Central Florida!
Thanks, guys! ;)
I used my Carvin BX250 micro bass head last nite with my Hartke 2100PRO(2X10) cab with excellent results!.good volume and BIG sound..I like!
90 minute cardio/weight workout, healthy dinner, and a nice sunset.
Last night's reading had a lovely audience and a spotlight that made me wish I'd worn sunscreen. is not as fair, so OK.
My father on my new Jeremy Scott/Linda Farrow Mickey Mouse sunglasses: "You look like a bug!" (Perfect)
That's too bad - but I know what you mean. I look forward to seeing what you come up with!
I love and Temple Run.
Thanks for the follow !
April 26 is Custom Appreciation Day at ! Join us from 4-8 pm for demonstrations by experts on must-have new spring products.
“: #Leos tend to communicate their feeling and thoughts with humor.” so true
Producers that changed my life... #jaydee, God bless
thank you do much!!!
same! I'm glad we share that sentiment, pal. I've got two of him on a shelf here.
Looking to hire a food blogger in Atlanta and Tampa, any suggestions?
make it happen!
Shout Out To for being my 300th follower!!!
Tucker, you are awesome. SO much love and respect for you :)
please Adele, follow me. Your my inspiration, I will follow anyone you want me too:) please FOLLOW
Agreed. Some evil marketing firm probably told them that they needed a big parking lot otherwise no one would go the brewpub
I wish that and I were both home from work early tonight so we could watch Game of Thrones at a reasonable hour
putting "lunch" twice on your to-do list will not make you more productive
I wanna go swimming ...
Dear dad- what ethnicity are you? My mom says u r Indian. I have reservations about that.
Going to get #JonHeading from GameStop and taking him home because I'M A DAMN GOOD FRIEND. Ya hear!? Lol
What up doe?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool Me: yes! They forgot about the homework I didn't do! Student: what about the homework! Me: prepare to die..
Let you know when I do! Could you refer me to your commercial one? RT Know of theatrical agent that is looking for talent?
I just wanted to say "HI"! Hope you're doing good! : Bye...wait Please FOLLOW me!!! Please,please please!?
and dance
It's officially summer: I have a bloody knee. Except this year it's not bike-related: watch out for those steps at Ada Street.
would any of my attorney friends like to make a call or send a letter to an automobile warranty company for me?
Everytime a HEAT playoff game come on, I gotta go to work :-(
Has Knowshon Moreno danced around for no yards in Denver for the last time?
aww. Let's hang out.
told me im perffffff 👏🎀💁
In between games 1 & 2 of our broadcast, our spring football show airing now!
we're seeing him twice in one month. Harass him.
The Spurs will play their Game 1 on Tuesday at home against either the Clippers or Grizzlies.
Last day of high school, telling teachers goodbye Dx trying not to cry..
I really miss the Saturday morning show Hang Time with the 25' long b-ball court and 2-row bleachers.
Leis lingerie boutique in Greenbriar Mall Black Friday sale 40% of total purchase 7-10 am. free gift bags and cocktails 6 pm until.
... engage in the activities in real life.
There's just something kind of romantic about the mall at night..
I know she told me :)
and you're a richer, more beautiful person because of it. Enjoy.
Joh 1:17 For the Law came through Moses, but grace and truth came through Jesus Christ.
Afghans knew Obama was coming because all women were locked up prior to arrival of Secret Service. (It's a joke, son)
Big leadership from the President today! US challenges China on rare earth materials embargo at the WTO! - JDG
so excited about purchasing my Boom Pack on friday...day with AJ, cant wait! Lets work it out!
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be
You have an onion ass,the kind that is so sweet and makes me cry...
I must say it was a little startling to be on the swaying 12th floor of a building that normally doesn't move.
football coach happened because there are only 3 men in the building - and i love the game - gave me new/great insight into my boys
Spending this weekend taking pictures of myself for my next 5,000 profile pictures.
The neighbor will be okay. The sweetener comes when he gets exclusive rights to sell student course material at a good markup, of course.
Thank you for the kind words - the pleasure was all mine! I'm sure Coach will be dearly missed around there.
help me get followers
THAT FOOL JOEL ANTHONY HEAD LOOK PREGNANT THAN A MUG .UGLY FOREHEAD LIKE NIGGA FROM STAR TREK!
When i have hardly any service <<<<
Hey, I love my life ^_^
yup xP
good I'll be that blonde girl who brings you pizza as a reward. But serious it's SOD day (Steve or die)
RT 3 weeks from today at Noon-candidate qualifying ends & we'll know who is on the ballot & who is not!
lots of things...
damn right now... haha
Fucking makes you short!
Yeah it's fairly straightforward. If you want something even more simple then you can try tumblr like
I'm addicted to that show! It really makes me wonder sometimes. I'd love to meet her as well :)
i was watchin the knicks since 99 when they made t to the finals as a. 8 seed
Fresh from "Brooklyn Castle," doc on some amazing jr highers, at 6:50 today (and 11:50 am Mon) in
Not a customer, but new online/phone bill fee encourages paper billing which is terrible for the environment!
I take exception with Cuban's point that tenured professors are a legacy cost, though. Profs don't get paid *that* much... at all.
Nothing can bring you peace but yourself.Ralph Waldo Emerson
On fire, coach! “: Focus on Positive & catch ur Players doing things right-Feed the Positive Dog & Fuel ur Team with Energy!”
Staying after school tomorrow cause I'm gonna dissect an eye and an eel.
I trust... I'm not the only one who's decided to watch secon season of "the kelling"
Well, now I've stepped in it.
Wtf is this...
or exactly what hall of fame voters do. Bagwell, Walker and more to come.
ok thank you :) that was so kind of you to check on me. Thanks for the advice..keep me in prayer.how r u
Anyone else in Phoenix now for COSUGI? Join me @ the Sheraton lobby bar @ 5:30 AZ time (purple shirt) Lets talk libs!
great so far
Love to travel, hate to pack. Would totally hire someone to pack for me if I could.
Good job!
is headed to The Book Cellar in Lincoln Square for the JINX reading @ 4PM! Hope to see you there!
Another long day in LBK.
Your the biggest legend on twitter dude !” well.. *le flick hair* yes, I suppose so ;) "
at April's sales pace, it would only take just over 6 months to absorb the current supply of apartments on the market
you got a link by any chance? On a side note per earlier topic nice to live in Titletown where the next playoffs start on Sun
Clearly Robin wanted to limit the Sox chances to score with Alexei, Dunn, and Konerko coming up.
I'm burning up sitting under this dryer its been a hour and my hair still wet ass fuck smh!
Is there a "Mercy" rule in hockey? Blue Jackets should wave the white flag
Just tapped, Russian River Brewing Damnation Belgian Golden Ale (replaces Porter) $3 pints $10 growler
:) Yea RT : I got the business version of a love letter from a client. My only national client.Today has been a VERY good day!!
While waiting for my last class to take their exam, I am reduced to tidying my office.
Thanks to you for listening!!! Keep up the great job!! :D
Looked pretty spiffy in my uniform tonight
If you got etes look @ me now:) bitch
Had a great day out with my daughter..best mother's day gift!!! Happy mother's day to all the momsout there!!!
The winners in history knew & understood the value of preparation, practice, professionalism, patience, precision, & principle!
We loaded about 6000lbs into our PackRat pod today. Big high-five (God-Bless) to the El Salvadorians that helped make this happen.
RT Just an FYI: In Physics there's such thing as Flux & such a thing as a Capacitor but there's no such thing as a FluxCapacitor
Schwarz & Mark Brown were laying down all sorts of smooth jams last night. Be sure not to miss The Function again in 2 weeks.
Finished #reading Red Thread by Ann Hood - an interesting look at families going through the adoption process
Do you help people get what they want, or do you help them get what is right for them?
Anyone who questions Russell Westbrooks game clearly doesn't understand basketball... And I'm a mavs fan... Dude will murder the Lakers.
With all this emphasis on digital, let's not overlook the magic and power of live performance, still a strategic force
Mrs. Beasley: Mom and Dad have me strapped into a shock collar. Should I be GOOD or BAD?? so far just playing dumb!!
If any of y'all monkeys live in S.A we are having a BBQ plate sale at my house. Let me know if y'all wanna come get some. DM me.
Teaching Children to Use ChopsticksBlimpy Girl - chopsticks for kids
Um.. Yeah.. no comment. #sleepisbetter 💤💤
What do you get if you cross a bird with a monstrous snarl?A budgerigrrrrr!
If they do away with soft serve ice cream there will be hell to pay RT New deal reached for sale of Golden Corral restaurants
My car-DA3078-has new car inspection valid til 2013 but can't renew registration b/c records show inspection needed. What can I do?
Its all right. It was my choice. I am not ashamed. My name is out there. Fine. This is an important cause.
The is so hectic this week that I'm actually resorting to #coffee. Sorry cup of tea, my old friend- you're just not up to job today.
that what u use i always look for ideas to keep my hands n tip top condition and thats not gay no homo
the one day out of 50 it has to rain, when the boys r on the lake..lol
I'm so fuckin hot -_-
#IFeelLike I'm asking to many questions
we love you!<3
Tonight I'm going to cut it out and then restart
:) RT : Bexley loves our Mr. Grinch cover!
I need 4 of me today. TOO. BUSY.
We put the over-under on opening weekend box office receipts at $102M.
All I see is Bieber Tourways on the back of a bus but then I see on the side of the bus Carl R. Bieber Tourways. It's still funny though :P
It's that time of the night where everything is funny for no reason. I really should go to bed but I have too much crap to do.
ill be too drunk. just kidding...but not really.
holy fuc#'$ in coach red voice
RT FYI - un/under-insured health screenings for blood pressure, glucose, cholesterol on 9/6 NE corner of Peoria/Colfax, 10-3pm
I might just catch my self singing your song again, :-P
Now im tired....
yep, and I could be your tour guide!
Respect all things that are placed upon this earth - whether it be people or plant
I really like trucks, okay.
NITE NOTE FAMOUS PEOPLE THAT TALK TO ME!!!!! if only lady gaga would.......
Its amazing cause my whole life ive taken care of everyone and the one time i just need a hug i become the plague. Fuck that.
thank you! :)
After taking your vitamins get down to #fflv and go to and buy the latest #MIKELPATRIK orig!
. yes please!
Thanks for the follow ;-)
- Welcome! What a great website! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
is so beautiful - inside and out! I just love to hear her heart singing
Holy crap Castle and Detective Beckett are *finally* talking about their feelings.
Wish ur mom taught u about RESPECTING yourself, PROTECTING yourself. BUT you better Learn to CHECK yourself b4 you get WRECKED!
To all my tweeps in the UK who are fighting #library cuts, keep fighting! Don't let the idiocrats get you down!
IT'S ALL STARTS WITH ONE DESIRE...
I will. Might bring the boys through if they come
Go big or go home.
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others. - Unknown
Only think positive about a sore jaw is losing weight. Not trying to be my Hs weight though. All I was missing was flies. Ijs
So guys, today I played Starcraft 2.
Can you please ?(: I seriously vote for every single day for you to win<3
#gc2016 is in Portland. Maybe we'll have home field advantage.
Sick today and things that annoy me have only been compounded 10 fold
describes simple museum interaction via vending machine
great spot!
Thanks to the 333rd follower/like-er, musician C. Jenkins. You (and everyone else) make this all special.
you are very attractive. Sincerely, every girl in the world. <3
ah. we've got a ton of jobs running right now. hope to upgrade fairly soon!
"Don't bang girls from Jiffy Treat. Just don't do it." Wisdom of
Well I always seem to screw everything up
i love dinos.
Much respect to you, Mr. Hall.
That was a close call
Here we come. Another high quality, NYC style show. Limited run opening 9/17: www.theatrecompany.biz
I hate hospital beds.
Plantier and Sam Horn. Two of the Sox greatest sluggers.
I don't think you'll fit in mine, but maybe you could pass as a lap child? can you bjorn nora onboard?
lol k :D
Pernod Ricard's Indian whisky Royal Stag is now the largest selling brand in its portfolio of alcoholic beverages surpassing
i found happiness when my love and passion for my hobby got recognized and turned into a job. #creative #highfasion #photography :)
And THAT's the best success story ever
We kept the Beer Fight title! Big thanks to for a great showing - Huge thanks to all that came & enjoyed some amazing beers!
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY! VILLAGE BUDS AND TWITTER BUDS!
Haha and you thought of me. ;D
I got a job now you know what it is?.... babysitting goldfish :D for 10 bucks an hour hahaha!!! LMFAO! ;)
How good would it be if said Happy Birthday to me on march 22 even more amazing if he phoned me #NeverSayNever;) haha♥..
haha i figured...but i wouldnt know ive never really been to a public school
Cars not working . . . Time to get out and push ! (x
follow back? please :)
3 days before we leave for Europe and we still have 4 shoots and 2 wedding consultations to go!
I never talked to someone as much as I talk to , that's my baby mama 😘😘
Feeling rely bad for my lil sis cuz she's rely sick and shes not sleeping. Feel better sis. I'll be praying for you!
Hey, Whore. Has your right leg meat your left leg yet? I mean, damn bitch. CLOSE YOUR LEGS! xD Its starting to stink up in here!
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS OUT THERE!!
Stayed up in a plank for 80 seconds on a wii balance board in a little tiny circle and never got out of it!(:
just recieved my annual reminder from mom that today should have been my bday but as i ve been lazy from the start i was born a week late
Its Friday Laser Tag at the Quad!!
NO PAULA ABDUL PLEASE COME BACK TO AL!!!! OH GOD WE WILL MISS YOU SO MUCH!!!!!!
so many people tweet and complain about justin trends - by tweeting you're just helping it trend more
My dad just told me I suck after posting that on FB! LOL.
Droideley seemed nice last time I used it. Let me know what you think.
Dear stop pussy footing around and just say that you're the president for ALL Americans, not just the straight ones.
"That lady looks like a pony" says the 4 year old. Please tell me it's just the hair.
11th grade astronomy class. We watched tv all day. Our oct band trip scheduled for NYC was then changed to new Orleans.
drinking the $5 PBR and bourbon special. Btw the veggie sloppy Joe sliders are the jam!
don't tweet me
they should have personally called you ;) hahaha jk I guess email works.
cause I want to? How old are you?
I enjoy my shower time.
Also, please say hi to Olga for me! :)
Hes got better seats this time RT : No way RT: Nate's brother got the ball (again)!
National Night Out Block Party! Only have 1000 water balloons to fill and 100 beach balls to blow up.. Then watch out neighborhood kiddies!
That's easy! You should play MW3 but every time you die, you do a few assignments for your not real because it's virtual school.
my love I forgot to put u on my #FF list I so sorry I just forgot love u do much
yes he is:) great job highlighting it! cc
just do what you do and the world will follow!
jk I wish
You know which actor is really underrated? The dolphin in "Flipper."
Looking for a photo agent to represent me, anyone know any good ones to talk too?
HvZMod FACT: is the group minority and is currently channeling Usher.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 2
Going back to bk to meet up a guy I like
There are no guarantees. From the viewpoint of fear, none are strong enough. From the viewpoint of love, none are necessary.
1983, black unemployment rate:21.2%.In '00 it was7.6%.Where are we now?15.8%. Progress reversed.Job creation in our communities is critical.
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 81
Somehow managed to create a password, confirm it, and then immediately not remember it. Did I go into some kind of typing fugue state?
Hate feeling like I have only one choice n career cuz of finances. Life blows.
How've you been doing
you? are full of shit :D
lol i dont even post on here really. Just like reading what people say. Like finley that he is a good player and can catch
thanks-you too-Sarah!
I feel the pain in my hometown everywhere I go never knew how close Kokomo was too me but it's a lot closer/deeper than I thought!
theNoster123 on YouTube
Thanks for the
R.I.P
Up all night!
All the best to you, and thanks for the great work you've done for Madison/the state!
"Some men see things as they are and say why. I dream of things that never were and say why not" -George Bernard Shaw
OMG! MAKAYLA AND I ARE THE ONLY ONES RIGHT NOW ON VINNY'S FACEBOOK. PAGE. THAT IS SO WEEIIRDD
It's been a long day. Time for me to call it a night.
oh ok cool.
not even close to the same
BRAZILIAN STATE GOVERNMENTS GO GLOBAL: Subnational Dimension of Brazil's International Relations w/Ironildes Bueno-Catholic U:Brasilia
so gross ugh
I need you pulling for the good guys tonight fella
Peek behind the scenes of Katy Perry's video for her single “The One That Got Away” = Perez Hilton: All Access is on Tonight at 8/7c.
Love watching #dwts and seeing all the past contestants in the audience. Can't wait to fall in love with the new cast!
Between two evils, choose neither between two goods, choose both.
there's no shame in recycling
get 10% off anything! just enter code:lesher100, in the rep code box.
About to get my beauty rest me and got lots to do 2mrrw
Want some fun in the kitchen? Fill a frying pan with popcorn, put it on the burner without a lid, and wait for the fun.
Just landed a pretty sick freelance opp!
Are we asking the right questions? And, do we have a process to make the connections needed to understand what works?
you like those bassists? We definitely need to schedule a jam session
IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!
Famous last words: "Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa, d. 1923
love this. you have my support to push this movement
Congrats on all of your Grammy wins! You deserved each and every one!
interesting. Where did you read that?
i'd love to. the schedule is looking snug but maybe near arrival or departure? do you live IN KW? what's YOUR schedule?
What are you serving for St. Patrick's Day?????
u to old to be wearing that shit away
tweets are so addicting . ^.^
Don't wanna go to school
it's all good, we out here getting it one way or another
Glad you enjoyed 'A Rolling Stone'!
Sun and 66 on Saturday in Long Beach! It is going to be the perfect weekend to go to the coast. Massive amounts of fun expected w/
« play fighting turn on #randomthought»
We're big fans and we'd love to make tattoos for you!
What are you doing on this beautiful day??
Although we could see some afternoon thundershowers this afternoon in the metro, I think we'll stay dry for the #Foodtruckforecast hours!
I hate when people think i subtweet them. Like 3/4 of my tweets are directed to no one.
Windows programming positions in CA. Kernel a plus, multithreaded, file systems and graphical UI. email resume for confidentiality to johnp…
For reasons that may not be clear at the moment... you are right where you need to be at this point in time. It's your life's journey.
RT“: “: And this time, I'm 99.999999999999999999999999% sure.”lol good job”
If you tell me you hunt in casual conversation, we are done talking.
''I was once called my boss a jive turkey sucka....I was fired immediately''
but no u cant not walk to thrd period by ursellf guys u were just so adorable together lol<3
Texas Longhorns 9/16 ′ Oval ‘Longhorn ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
not because my animals are not sweet
not buying a bedroom floor rug, are you? :) So good to see you today. We are blessed to have such an amazing group of camp kids.
If you need a bed bug cover, let me know. I have a friend who can hook you up!
I have no idea which sport it is tonight, but Go Green!! RT : Let's go Spartans tonight!
The Hobbit usually makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're creating that into a film too.
What up blood, what up cuz, what up blood, WHAT UP GANGSTER!!!
Who took the picture of you on the potty??
V this is why Im single.... because I can't stop callin bitches bitches lol
They got me yummy treats from Buddy Squirrel and a fun floppy garden hat. They're the best kids ever! Haha :)
Where's Diddy when you need him?! Lol RT : Adam Scott looks like he's about to hit up an all-white party
Cosentino: Quantify how things relate to one another. Use percentages.
Pop up trivia time! Which New Kid coined the phrase "And this is where the magic happens!" on MTV's Cribs? 1st person w/correct ans wins!
Let me whisk you away from your doubts and denial Oh I know that you've heard this before <3
I'm thinking of quitting my day job. This pitching thing isn't working out so well.
You have discovered the business model for everything non-Apple!
Note to self - do not take a self-help book you're 2 embarrased 2 read in public as your only form of entertainment on a cross country trip.
So, um, the cat ate our #Mobbies video footage. Who wants to help w/ a cheesy "Unsolved Mysteries"-style reenactment?
Please no ENG tonight! Heroine is better for my heart than this Avs game is right now!
Rumor is its a school bus tipped over, with kids on it :(
im having nada xP
Thanks to everyone that came out to Event last-night. It was a packed house by 10:40.
I miss you twitter! I will never ever ever let you be left behind cuz of stupid school! Alright time for tumblr
that trailer was crazy. Thanks for playing Atmosphere before, made my commute this morning :D
you have snow while we roast in the sun in southern California. I thought Fall was supposed to be chillier.
Working on #saa11 #s408 pres on Collections Access Project. I guarantee title slide alone will be worth cost the of admission.
No matter how busy or your circumstances, Stay in the hunt!
#bird wisom ;v budgies are not to be envied. they are prisoners of the humans
someone is watching gameday. RT Hey! IN PLAY RUN (S)
We love you Lindsey, oh yes we do!!
Ah I have to miss 4/20! First time in atleast 6 years... Fuck me!
"Choose a belief that serves you so you can change the way situations effect you"
It was okay. But Homeroom. Gawd. A movie can't get any worse
such a great friend :)
Can't Thank you enough!
"The best ideas are those enacted upon after the conference." - #ALAconf Chair Lisa Dasher
maybe he leases 15 at a time.
lol & I had a pretty good day
Ok, for real, The Biltmore is $69 to visit!! Where's the roller coaster and Mickey ears?!
Last #MarcEdit training session this morning. After 8 weeks, I will have my Monday mornings back. Whew.
What the fuck is #telljimmy no one fucking cares about your opinion on this show
If you're reading my thread with and you aren't following him...kill yourself right now you humorless fuck
“: About to go rehearse for my CMA performance with Kenny Loggins..... Drunk.” hmm. You or Kenny?
needs to be famous. This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks and mixtapes. It's absurd.
Thanks for the RT
All moved in to my new house :) spent the entire morning at the beach. Life is good.
Such a boring night
YES RT : Going to a Ted Nugent concert/hate speech today... Do you think a pro-Obama t-shirt is a good idea?
thank you for sharing! Hope to see you there!
I beat the pussy up!
great/fun read. hope you're having to cook your hubby something nice tmrw! keep it rollin'.
This man in Toyota just told this woman b/c her kids are 8 and 13 she must have had her kids at 16 b/c this is Memphis. Smh...
get anything at walmart? Other than crabs, of course.
Heading to the “Red, White and Blues” event, hosted by President and First Lady Michelle Obama in the East Room of the White House!
I can't stand rude service people. If your job involves going into someone's home treat their environment with respect.
the pop in my glove echoes across the field. it's an 8am practice with no people in sight..clear minds...pure baseball.
RT : In Social Media Success Summit session: How Social Customer Service is Attracting New Customers and Increasing Sales - Frank...
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes ~
hey cutie
Happy World Read Aloud Day!
da moto if i was a rap i wud hav a g mix as in goseple mix.
So chick Jst came outa the blue & said ima stripper
Early this morning before I went to bed it worked again.
I want a guy who runs miles just to find you&calls you every night to say I love you, a guy who calls you beautiful even on your worst days
Don't chase after the wrong things, they will take you in the wrong direction.
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 512-391-2331. Thanks.
Now that's how you wear a tie... if you have to wear a tie.
for now yes. We won't mind if you ditch your plans to dance with us. :)
Gov O'Malley talking offshore wind, jobs, and a healthier Maryland in committee hearing.
I'm trying. I'm moving so slow this morning, I might as well be going backwards.
You know, if I follow correctly, WORD.
I was afraid of that. At least my dog seems to still like me.
We spent 4 hrs in Prospect Park with 5 y/o twins & a 10 y/o (+ parents). Came home & weeded, spaded & swept outside. Um, whose life is this?
LIVE IN THE MIX TONIGHT AT RANDYS BALLROOM!!! ITS GONNA CRAZY AND VERY PACKED!! DOUBLE DEBUT!!
Oh, you have a tattoo on your lower back? You must have been hot stuff in 1996.
“: who's going out & getting reckless tonight?” where's the poppin place?
Daily Tip: Plan and use the safest and most direct route to your destination.
but thank you ha I was so bored on here an had to tlak to someone :D
why yes
No one cuts me off in the middle of my sentences like mommy does. Gotta love her.
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... you were being assigned to midway island and you were in the safest part of Hawaii.
Community shout to and
The chicken has left the coop
Calm stress & promote relaxation: Massage the area between yr eyebrows (this activates the acupuncture point, yintang, your third eye)
Wet Hot American Summer
We're putting the final touches on our new web site design. It's scheduled to launch soon--stay tuned!
Good morning friends! Another great day today! What's for breakfast? Anything you got from the markets this past weekend?
#iusedtothink THAT THE HOMELESS PEOPLE ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD WERE REALLY HOMELESS UNTIL I SAW ONE JIGGALATING IN SUM GATORS LOL
Are you protected from Electrical Spikes? Call us and see how we can protect your units from this costly random event.
What a Beautiful day in the City!! :)
First #pla12 session of the day: book discussion groups
ACLU's Jay Stanley is concerned about #NSTIC and warns that cyberspace is not just fur commerce. It is also an avenue for expression.
Stayed up till 3:00 reading (again) and just now getting up.
Wow, 5 shows now booked and 1 radio interview. Going to be a busy end of the year!
RT : Finished Daniel Handler's Why We Broke Up. It's a must read for any love-sick or heartbroken teen. Or an adult...
The only things my room is missing is a tv, ps3, and fireplace
Love a woman in boy shorts !!!!!!
Its amazing.... the ride of life.
trying hard NOT to get excited about the #wildcard, but #dodgers are only 5.5 back. . .it ain't over until. . .
oh metro, time to be alone w myself and 60 of my closest strangers
game of thrones
bring on the Heat! round 2 of the playoffs finally woo
New song just gave me the chills. Wow.
bruh coach worden can wait, or I will fix him up with a sub during lunch
You are quite the traveler!
hey nicky i seen you on tv and i like what u do. i was wondering if u teach tattooing i tattoo and want to learn more
sometimes lifes rough patches really do groom you for a better tomorrow..take the best of each situation and move forward #life ;)
Sorry for your struggles; your tweets are most entertaining this evening. Tagged something #hatesprinters last week; can relate.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I <3 daylight savings time. That is all.
Nice to see Jones back in the action...just one more weapon..
Follow us !
taking your bra off is the best feeling.
I was to, my class went out to the football field and I knew like none of them
Can't wait to see you and jammin on everybody! lets take care of bizz!!!
"We should not be defined by what we have; but by what we give others, or help them to get." Justice Michael L. Douglas
where do we see all the upcoming pet adoption events?
Roddick vs Fed....3's a charm Andy?
I need to go to sleep... Nitersz everyone.
thats great to hear... Have a good day
Contacts make me angry in the morning.
You think you know but you have no idea -Slim
I was the best personal trainer, even though I kept forgetting to slow it down.. I said "SLOW DOWN AT 7:30" and you didn't:'(
On a boat at cleawater ;p
Blenny is smallest, Nigel is largest!
RT : Being money hungry is great but being money hungry and you not willing to go get it yourself makes me not wna fuck witcha.
congrats on Ebony's power list! Found out today I'm on it too for my work on sickle cell! Yay!
Fun time presenting at #TEDx Comcast today. Inspiring stuff.
From th desk of th Prophet's corner: A brief examination of ourselves is apropos. U will discover u r th chief engineer of wht hs manifested
Just heard Andre 3000 will be playing a role as "Jimi Hendrix" in a movie "awesome"!!!!
Baby<3 I am so glad you have decided to go on Twitter<3
Ty Lawson's numbers in this game are unreal. 13-17 from the field, 5-6 on 3s.
Very cool. :)
I cant think of anything more stressful than being forced to interact with other people esp who hav no understanding of Autism
@ wOrK, way to0 eArLy! thaNk gOd 2M0Ro iS fRiDay, 3day weEkeNd, wo0Oo0....!
PETER AND THE STARCATCHER, starring Smash's Christian Borle, opens on Sunday!
I feel like you can't go wrong for 29 bucks, but I'm so comfortable with snow leopard
You're welcome! I didn't know there was a name for that vocal habit until I read your post.
yepp! For the past week it's been pretty cold and rainy here! And I good at gymnastics hope ur well too! Xoxo
if you're on Instagram, follow me at
Learn how to successfully complete a case interview @ the Deloitte Consulting Undergrad Case Interview Workshop tonight, 5:30-7pm in MGC 200
Meet us at bro!
i'm in shape, because being round is considered a shape :3
hitchin' a ride with the mexi's?
Wanting to eat everything I bake<<<<
I'm tired of the muthafuckin Jacking.......sweating my gang while I'm chillin in the shackin.
I feel so bad that Drose is out for the rest of the season. All the other wonderful players will have to step up and win the
precious fur baby
There is no way I will watch Azarenka play Sharapova in an #Ausopen final - at least not with the sound on. UGH!
RT: Life is the most spectacular show on earth.
Ahh, insomnia. We meet again.
Whetstone Park is so beautiful in the fall. So is Patrick Js on Tuesdays/ Wednesdays & Brewsky's on Thursdays. Simply gorgeous.
Sweet Dreams Mike!
Mom & dad always know how to brighten my day :) They knew I was working phones, so they decided to prank call me!
Thanks for the follow! I just moved from Nelson to San Francisco. Sending a big shout out to you and all my BC friends!
No problem Lucy :-)
My nex son will be named Wolfgang. Just sayin...
Is there going to be a miniTOC SF?
Check out the Badger Career Network Facebook Fan Page! Let the Wisconsin Alumni Association help along your career path!
Another Beautiful day! Today's special is a pastrami sandwich! Don't forget your side of greek fries!
Life is a marathon - don't sprint and burn out. Care for yourself and go the distance, savoring every moment!
really can't tell but seems science oriented...
Today I am thankful.
Shared a secret that I've kept bottled up for years, except to the people I trusted the most.
link me?
yeah, like 1 CD
Of course. Wouldn't miss it!
I know right! :)
Iron Void Streaming &quot;The Mad Monk&quot; - Metal Underground
I read the first paragraph.
YAAAY ITS WORKING NOW WATCHING BGC REUNION. !
cant wait till july7 when i get to see you guys in indiana :) its gonna be epic! <3 you'll c me in the front row i promise c(;
thank you!! It's a growing movement amongst faith-based organizations. Student perceptions have been intriguing.
WOW!!!! That Barrett audio is Damning!!! Can't help but think Tom just buried himself.
I'd LOVE to hear it!!
Night = made MT Off the hizzle! RT Amy Goodman and Chris Hedges coming up on Charlie Rose in a few minutes
Wasn't Prop 8 was declared unconstitutional and overturned?
Hope so. RT : I'm sure you will soon enough. RT : I dont get it.
Sexy people at track! :D ask :P
can I have the money you'll use for the candles instead?? Lmao
You deserve your spot on How could anyone not love your personality :) So happy to hear you speak
if i had 1 wish i would wish to be with my cousin Jaden
Thanks for the mention!
So much easier to produce pages when you can start citing other people's work! Thanks for saving me from MORE primary research!
hey did you understand the rest of the algebra 2 homework? im lost...
No, one man's witch hunt is pretty much another man's witch hunt. It's just if you're willing to admit it.
The Mayor will be inspecting rescue boats early this morning to make sure they can handle whatever Irene throws at them.
hope you had fun last nite We'd love if you can take a sec and give us a listen (we played last Halloween at the Queen Mary)
I think you just have to wait in line - not sure if you can buy tickets onsite beforehand - may need to call... :D
Wow, just finished Gabrielle Hamilton's BLOOD, BONES, & BUTTER. Really good.
thank you so much for the follow back<33
they never cease to amaze me smh -_- (Fox news) Everyone was an immigrant so wouldnT every1 venture4 an American Way of Life *_*
Shout out to welcome back to worcester broo !!
Something good did happen tonight... Congratulations to and his wife Diana on the birth of their first baby.
its ok yes i know we cant always take great pictures lol .
All it takes is usually one purchase to pay for the space rental and salaries.
Evans Donnell: "the fringe excites me because...the new people are coming up and the old people are adapting"
Your bald
"life begins at the end of your comfort zone." - neale donald walsch
Lots of meetings scheduled ahead. Can't wait to discuss potential business opportunities with several other entrepreneurs
People in #gainesville still sleep til noon.
The older u get the less u want friends in ur life.....
The otaku are probably having massive orgasms while pre-ordering their cute girls doing cute things movie.
And you, sir, are at the top of the that list.
Anyone have suggestions for good hotels in downtown Nashville?
I watched the second showing of #MadMen last night, so I missed much of the conversation, but this episode infuriated me. Anyone else?
We need a picture of this puppy!
what up fam!? U learning the twitter deal... It took me like 2 months when I started Twitter! Haha what's good....
I'm just striping to get thru my online college classes.
y is day
***THE WORKSHOP WITH ROSEMARY TODAY HAS BEEN RESCHEDULED TO SATURDAY, MARCH 17th***
it did, yeah. Where you heading tonight?
Happy Birthday TNG. Live Long and Prosper.
The best feeling... knowing you have nothing to do tomorrow and can sleep in al day :)
We are doing great! How are you guys?
Booked a music video for the amazing band Liars. Very excited.
Happy Louboutin Monday!!! Can't believe I am going to get my Loubis signed by the one & only Christian Louboutin himself today!! Amaze.
yea i do. I think that was way to harsh. An entire season? Seriously?! You can set the precedent, but that is way to much imo.
so true!!!
Latest read: Michael Connelly's "The Drop." Worth the time just to learn the phrase "high jingo." Connelly's one of the best.
Nice! Where are you headed?
Haha it's funny how yu were trynna be a player with no game, fuck you ! You didn't matter to me anyways ;D
The more people pursing education the better off the community why is monetary value trumping cultivation of humanity; detriment to future
you're crazy if you think just half your love, could ever please me.
#cavs finished strong, I expected more but I'm proud of em just the same. A lot to look forward to 4 nxt year, next stop lottery in may
let's just say that Bill's been blocked by more than one of his DC BOYZ
Last second make up work to get this A on my computer class lol
Things I found boring when I was a kid, I now find relaxing.
Looking forward to 's event 'Chicago Conversations' tomorrow w/ , , &
I love when the Rangers wear their red jerseys. AND when CJ pitches. AND when they play Boston! What a good day
that show is so addictive it's great!
Then off to the library to finish my computer final project!!
Hey, thanks for following me back! And thanks so much for reading! Means a lot.
please disregard that album cover that got attached to my last tweet. LOL
Definitely in the minority!
Last night in Santa Barbara and a messed up stomach... now what to do for dinner?
YES!! NOW IM LISTENING TO IT ON ANOTHER RADIO STATION!!! THANK YOU !!!
Lord have mercy. I know a vegan. America and its' food fads. What was it before this one? South Beach Diet?
What do i have to prove? i would die for you. <3
Even if heaven and earth colide tonight We'll be all alone in a different light I dont care what the world can see Its just between U and me
Hahaha I thought it would. Had to tweet it to you.
we lost a legend this morning condolence to her family RIP LIZ TAYLOR you will be missed
I work with museums, and nonprofit performing arts orgs and theatres, but often times my essays could apply to individuals.
my question. why do like keek so much? Its like you're forgetting where you got started at
if you are slow jamming 'Weinergate' with BDubs tonight, I will stay up to watch!
in science with
I knew last week he was not in the final mix.
thanks for doing our menu. Can't wait to see the layout.
thanks 4 follow babe much love from vegas
. announce team captain Ryan Callahan has been named winner of 2011-12 Steven McDonald Extra Effort Award
in Memphis tonight & at the same damn time
“: awesome story tonight! Thanks Joe for making that boys dream come true. #amazingnewscast” thnx!
"You really should try this place."
#amreading The Bizarre Truth by Andrew Zimmern. Big fan of Zimmern but the book isn't the world's most exciting. Still a decent read.
...like women are lacking a child even if they never even wanted one. I prefer to use the term "child-free"
McKnight Photo applications are due on March 30!
#SinceWeBeingHonest I hate texting you first, I love it when you text me first
Is it not a "real" relationship if we haven't had a single fight?
me too!
can I pleez get a followback thats it and thats all sweetheart :)
aw man! I'll try anyway!
Unfollow this page and follow my new one
I'm ready for love<3
Thanks for inviting us to your 20th anniversary party! It was great seeing everyone! Congrats on all your success.
is taking home the machine which has the installers after taking 2 hours to download. New software to play with YAY.
where online am I able to preorder the Nokia lumia 900 windows phone? I thought it began today.
No problem dude.
The key to happiness........"Doing what you love with who you love."
wow....u really are an apple..
Wondering if 1D will ever come to Hawaii...crying myself to sleep. Lol, jk. But I really am wondering.
About to tee off for the first time in 2 years...Hide your windows, children, and take cover if you're a bird!!
My coffee cup's lid leaked, in my bag, down my shirt and then down my pants on my motorcycle ride in this morning! So awkward. . .
Grazie Kathy! I am always honored to be featured in this wonderful recap!
Finally everything is perfect
If I'm out& I see a woman ass & breasts all hanging out,drunk,on the dance floor coochie all out shes the last type of woman I want 2b with.
Miami, he was coming off of 4 straight tournaments. Won't get any rhythm here.
Mark your calendars! Resident Appreciation Week is planned April 9th- 13th. Prepare to be spoiled!
High School Senior Photography Packages REFER A FRIEND AND RECEIVE A DISCOUNT!!! For More details Contact Us @
Stuck at the Honda dealership for next hour and half. My car conveniently needed a service right before my drive to South Carolina tomorrow.
idk but i read won last time and it wasnot pretty
THAT was the podium??? Yeah, it would have looked a lot different with 18 people, guaranteed.
thanks! we so did!
"If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you
Alyssa Jackson. My Main Bitch
in cab on my way there now. See you shortly.
joshua woke me up this morning and, to be honest, it felt like old times
First day of track was pretty good !
Omg you know like 2 songs by them, just quit now
You know what really helps in a traffic jam? Honking your horn.
i have to go in ten minutes!! Please tweet me??? Love you Ariana!! ♥
My students make me proud and a better teacher!! “: You're the best! 你对我激励。多谢。=)”
There is one of those cowardly defensive plays in NFL. A cheap shot on the real hero trying to catch the ball!!
IU doing some rockish stuff = HOT!
If you are seeking any assistance in any legal or healthcare matter, this is place to be!
Somebody gonna get pregnant.
I've learned getting lost in a foreign country with a friend can be the most memorable experience of a trip.
I just saw two fat turkeys eating a deer carcass on the side of the road...I could see the damn things ribcage. WHERE THE F*@# AM I!!!!!
I always catch myself though.
here's to the past
Hooray! What did you order?
solid! Gin & tonics this weekend?
They look great! !RT Wowza!! Just saw a few of the pics from my photo shoot! Thank you Martin Mann!
Well.....looks like I have a long night ahead of me. First of many that'll happen in the next three weeks.
S/O and Happy Birthday to my fellow SilverSpring Spartan Alum
I'm too perfect for anyone to handle. #ReasonsThatImSingle ok
I hate it when i want to talk to someone & they dont text me or call me >.<'
Thank you for following me!!!! Another good one to follow is
No prob! Need us to bring a stack in or did you grab some? “: thank you for the rad write-up in the stream!”
haha not me...... I speak it fluently but my Mexican words kinda get scrambled in my English
my girl!
Wish I was on the road right now but thankful for another night with
A soy sauce sample in a plastic fish was left on my desk this morning. I don't know what to do with it.
living vicariously through you today - keep the live tweets coming! #OMS12 (CC )
I know I'm sorry, bad timing! :( But yes we'll definitely meet soon! <3
Hey, Kevin, Doug Dickey wants to know if he can come over to your place and interview better coaches from your living room. Cool?
1/3: "only awareness can make reality..."
I will never eat fiddle heads again. In fact, I had such a bad experience, I may even begin to avoid fiddle music.
oh! I was at farmers market scouting ramps!
Thanks to you Annerley for listening and for been here! It means a lot. Enjoy your CD :)
I hate time machine but love it because it's saved my rear before.. .If i didn't need daily backups i'd a quick cloner or rsync :(
Good morning all... Hope you all have a great day :-)
Tomorrow marks Dr Julie's last day @ Levine Dental. We wish you the best in your new endeavors and we thank you for being part of our team!
mee too me too!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW ANDROID TABLET REVIEW: HP TouchPad Custom Fit Case
Sgood siddds hit me with a follow back nigh
AH!! Its cold...er than yesterday... Stupid bipolar MO weather 8(
We didn't come to be America's Best 'Trick' Crew. We came to be America's Best Dance Crew! ~Mikey Fusco
New phone, aye (:
AW SHIT.....#AtTheSameDamnTime JUST CAME ON.....TIME FOR MY NECK TO SHAKE UNCONTROLLABLY
Just got the confirmation.....performing back in my hometown (Bessemer City, NC) February 18!!
This phone better stop playing with me and upload my Twitcon..
never thought to use 'dtf' to describe a fragrance, but as usual snooki has brought new and exciting things to my life
you lie..
It smells like old poop in the bath room. Is that even possible?!
You know I'll be following you!! Can't wait!
put a claim with your bank, so we assume that you received your refund unless the bank or you contact us. Again, we want you to
good seeing you today!!
Tanger that was awesome, you got robbed
Where the fuck has the day gone
Eye opener right there.
I miss seeing you.. Have your mommy call mine so we can have a slumber party!! We got a whole lot to catch up on.
#15peopleilove #3 , , and the rest of the crew!
"Hoppy" #Easter and #Passover from Digital Backpack... hope you got your fill of chocolate and other delicious goodies!
Secure future so I say this wit my college degree I can out huslet u niggas u just a artist niga
why can't we retweet ourselves on twitter D:
I've never heard thunder roll for so long before.
It's raining. I reads.
I LOve you BIEBER HAPPY BIRTHDAY . YOU WERE AMAZING TODAY AT THE ELLEN SHOW. I JUST WISH THAT GIRL WAS ME ;) FOLLOW ME ? <3
#ReasonsThatImSingle I'm in love with
if not horrified.
how many microphones go with you on tour?
OK I will do that follow back!
Harry Connick Jr. blushes, smiles after finding out he's a descendent of a Confederate soldier
Happy 1 yr anniversary to Thank you for all you do to promote safe school environments for our students.
silent night is just freakin beautiful.
my sisters are saying that nutella is the worst thing in the world now im mad at them !!
that would be great😍
we spend life away
miss u to cuzo
I did something I wasn't supposed to do today and thought of you. :)
i really want to hurry up and get to my 4,000 tweet already sheesh!
Merry Christmas y'all!
JUST A REMINDER! NM GUNS WILL BE AT THE GUN SHOW ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS AT THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING THE 12TH & 13TH. SEE YOU THERE!
i was thinking of you when i hear about this session. Glad u could be there
Alan, thank you! It was good to see you and to be able to contribute. Take care, Rich
Edge water beach resort panama city beach fl I am on the way!
LOL I KNOW........ LOL AND HOPE SO I'LL HAVE TO DO THE SAME HOPE TYRESE & KAIDEN ARE DOING WELL LIL CUTIES AWW
Just had to fire first employee. Smh.
Just met a big one up close on the platform.
"mother did it need to be so high..."
What do you do to test whether you are hearing someone or not? Do you have techniques you use to check in with others?
Right? I saw the post and saw this job about an hour later! It's a reference position at Chicago State U.
It's funny how people end up somewhere that you started out at
Hi Jen - Here's the info I couldn't find earlier:
I'm right here.
Another great weekend was enjoyed by Single Gourmet members. There are lots of new singles events coming soon so be sure to join us today.
wow the ending of monsters inc is stupid why didn't they squish the old slug lady
we are working on that now. Hopefully very soon.
Fun!! RT : Me too! But I think my daughter has me beat. she hasn't stopped talking about this week..she's 6 lol
I am at Cali Ballet and waiting for my daughter from her ballet class
I'm at a talk by Lisa Gitelman: "Typescript Books and the Moment of Microforms," at the #UCLA Information School.
"And it is through fantasy that children achieve catharsis. It is the best means they have for taming wild things.” RIP Sendak
that sounds like a lovely morning.
I'm so high i was laying here for the longest with my eyes closed
First decided what you truly want. Then decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it
I would love to see live! Come to Kentucky?
Snowing in Louisville. Kinda nice... except for the cold.
sick ass album man good shit
I think is a great platform, especially for reluctant / fearful educators. Nice & safe
Wishing as much peace as is attainable to Levon Helm's loved ones. Rest well, sir.
That reminds me, I need to get my arm in shape, and get some bp in.
I have a streak of word nerd in me. So I twiddle betwixt the tweets, and hope I get away with it. ;)
I don't know... depression has a way of making everything feel hopeless and blanketing everything... you know?
getting ready to hear your interview on
Be kind to each other, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, just as God through Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32,
Happy Thanksgiving - this is a great time of year to remind ourselves and thank all those individuals that help us be successful.
1111 make a wish!
Launch party 4 the pulse happening May 31st featuring aerial show by Lucent Dossier. Hit me up 4 details on how 2 get on list
Alas, I live in America, where even vile hate speech like "Let's go, Buffalo!" is protected by the Constitution.
In NJ5 stunner, McQueeny cancels campaign announcement, says he won't challenge Garrett for business reasons
Learning to translate director language into specific, motivated action is an essential skill of audition mastery.
what's wrong? Hope you are ok.
Next person who comes in Sabbatic and says they have a "Total Bottom" will get free movie pass to Oriental tom at 7pm. and
Just got an external hard drive with 3 terabytes of space. TERA-bytes. Remember when megabytes sounded like SO MUCH?
49ers D is a beast so far
if thats the only food there is....hhhhmmmm....kittie beware:)
Thanks for the useful site. Pics are great!
For some reason Pandora is playing all of the music I have on my iTunes.
Cymbal sectionals outside #gettinsun >
Looking forward to more images then. Enjoy the tour, and next time may you make it to the middle of our little country! best.
When will fat guys learn? They're never as funny when they get skinny MT : Jets Rex Ryan has lost 90lbs this off-season. Props.
That's how my hen's party is going to start ;) x
Imma just start tagging random celebrities to see if they RT me..
Loehr's tale of Andre Agassi's disenchantment w/success reminds me of Dr. Tal Ben-Shahar's personal story in his book 'Happier'
Our favorite tea geek gives a nod to mom and Lord B.
If that's the way you treat boys I'd hate to see how you treat girls
That's gorgeous. I think I can see in through the windows.
Blasting down I90. Impromptu Saratoga Springs road trip.
Sure, I'll hop on
you already know polo all day hima u cant get fresh like me cause u dont have a girl well sorry to hear that
Started reading "Little Brother" today cuz Amie told me to.
Crunchers has a bone to pick with you.
that's great! not much going on here haha
Pumped to experience my first #SCProm with
With danny at the Canal. Its so nice. Wearing my chacos
You and your boyfriend broke up? Please post some more Adele lyrics as your Facebook status. :x
and #rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!
About to fall asleep on the train 💤🚉 #notagoodidea. Lol
I want to read it
Definitely a winner. Sweating obviously equates smokin hot.
": #Cancer's are one of the most bipolar signs, only true friends know how to deal with them." SO TRUE...WOW!
Anyone need a hole ripped into a new sweater, send it my way. I'm amazingly good at it.
Tweeting live from London.....At the end of the 1st qtr, #Texans down 7-0 to the
Hey Adam! ;) Following back. Thanks for following, love.
WHAT IS IT LIKE TO HAVE BOOBS?
At Qualcomm Stadium.
check out my last RT --
R.I.P Donna Summer We Love To Love You. :}
good morning sweetie happy mother day I hope you have a great day
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. Jim Rohn
We are gearing up for another week of LeTip! Know any great CPAs, personal organizers, etc. who might benefit from our group? Send em to me!
looking forward to hearing Neville Brody next
Just finished my last FYDP class of the year! Even though it was last day, had a student call me Joseph #really!?! Obvi didn't pay attn!
Drew Brees to meet with Arizona Cardinals later this week.
I also have an idea why her belongings were on the beach but I don't want to stereotype a whole neighborhood!
and it makes me want to move to Tennessee for some reason lol
:) how's it going?
How do people not like snails? They're basically armored land octopi - DvL
damn that maintenance guy and abraham lincoln
credit cards!
Email sent!
now that's #humor “ RT : RT : How do witches spend Friday the 13th? / Drinking your hubby's brew! / Got ipecac?”
but strippers are better (; *me&you yoville strippers* LOLOLOLomg
you better;) you too james!
ignited? Did I say that?
Dear Bo Ryan: If you're only going to play seven guys today, Rob Wilson probably has no business being one of them.
Heart attacks... God's revenge for eating his little animal friends..Dump the meat..Go Vegan!!
May your feet only take the righteous path and your hands touch with the gentleness of our Lord and Savior. A blessed New Year to all...
Thanks for the LOVE!
Foster the People will be doing "Ticket to Ride" shortly.
We need a glade plugin or a bath and body works lotion that smells samurai gazebo...ridiculously delicious
So a bunch a teenagers can't identify with Rue in #HungerGames- b/c she's Black. And how could Rue remind Katniss of her (not Black) sister?
I'm tha Diamond in tha Ruff that ain't been found
My summer has ended after tonight. Summer classes start tomorrow.
looks great!
look west, front row M8
w00t to the new followers! @
I like sliders
I wanna grow old;& still be with the person i fell in love with;& married:))</3
Feeling down now that MCA has passed.
How many times does Nate McLouth have to hit before coaches and management catch on that he is done. Even his biggest fans know this now.
Good observation. Wondered that too.
Hi TJ! Do you go by your initials or is that your your twitter handle du jour:) Welcome aboard #TeamNimble !
I an pretty sure that UMD has something against English speaking TAs
is that true thou :b just being curiousgeorge lol
Lemme take my ass to TESSA!! I hate mondays
who do you want ? (:
Its awesome to continue a tradition of great movies on the anniversary of meeting Keep it up Marvel! 2 years & counting!! :D
Why is it only tuesday.
wasnt on :( im confused , the tv guide was wrong, i did watch the youtube video many times today and reached my laugh quota :P
Schmooze tonight, Urban Farmer (The Nines Hotel) It's going to pop!
This Aaron Rodgers guy is pretty good. Users doing well off of Eli Manning--Up around 100 bucks!
good luck! Make me proud ;)
What?!! I can't believe it!!!
thanks man!
I love when my across the hall neighbors are blasting Jerry Springer. Always classy.
If anybody in memphis knows roy hughes tell him to put his stalkin ass broad on a leesh! I'm finished wit her! Cap wasnt that good anyway!
I love the way he plays his guitar damn got me feeling sum type of way, been thinking bout u all day
goodluck in the World Series! Take 2 and Hit to Right!
Happy New Year !!!! Hoping 2012 brings it all to everyone !!!!!
Hey thanks! Congratulations to you!
I need an #agent #manager #clothingsponser #publicist and
Sounds cohesive
heard you on radio for the first time yesterday... I felt like a proud, mama! Got some Georgia people listenin' out for ya!
I have the purple teeth that only come from considerate dedication to delicious Italian grapes. Thank you, Sicily.
Rhetorically or technically? :-) RT Parsing is such sweet sorrow.
idgaf so now you wanna talk.??? you're werid i bet you like that kinky shit.
# ArmyOfDarkness #moviequotes "this is my boom stick" love that movie!
Hope everyone is OK in Copley.
From now on, everytime I see a hashtag on Facebook, im commenting, "Hashtags are for twitter." Get ready.
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
Interior designers seem to have the most ridiculous Starbucks orders by profession. Someone should do a chart.
#lessexcitingbandnames Jefferson Airport Shuttle
Screaming I Can't Take It No More .
I stay on Facebook like Suns defenders stay on Laker 3-point shooters. Far Far away. ;)
I know bad boi
hike. if you see me carrying what looks to be a rodent...dont be alarmed. it's only Lola.
apparently, i look mean. >:(
In Miami, just finished my last long run before the race.
goes to see Art that cannot be named
#earlyworkout this morning was great! About to start two a days! #PuertoRico trip in 2 months!
I find it interesting that some people can run off 4 hours of sleep. The most interesting thing about it is that I am one of those people
& for a limited time only I might just give you all my attention.
RT : Just got my blood drawn for my new life insurance policy...yuck. but thanks for your help!
Gotta swing the Bat George!
I feel your pain !
all learning and doing is social by definition. The 2.0 technologies just enable, extend and enhance it in new ways.
Breaking up is hard to do; When you're not suppose to me broken up.
who i was last year, and who i am this year are two totally different people. stop getting them confused
Sometimes theater is too much for me.
Lester is finally losing to the #Orioles tonight. I can feel it.
Well my little brothers raising hell living down in Texas
Another 15 minute #Fox 7 Friday Sports Extra is coming up. State Track is this week's focus.
In treating skin growths, we need to accept certain medical facts: .keloidsurvey.com
We've been warned. A guy called letting us know he's almost to Bud's and will be shopping in a black cloak with a cane. OK?
Campus is so quiet and peaceful at night during finals week.
Woo! RT : Mad Men will be back March 25!
Agree! I have students tell me these stories. Some teachers make calls during class. Sabotages the rest of us.
Alright man.
Its great man...a lot to learn and refresh...so far so good. #hollister can burn in hell. Hows teaching
Picking up a box of coffee for my 6 hour labor negotiations seminar. Not gonna share.
Get the wow factor with the natural beauty of Tigerwood Hardwood Flooring-Deep brownish orange with tiger like dark veins.
A gross situation, but a great article. Hear, hear, miss Xpert.
Osi and JR are like that married couple that fights all the time, but will stay together forever.
2 miles. 63. Found my copy of Drowning Pool's first album. Good LORD, Middle School Benjamin. Talk about terrible music.
sry i didn't answer computer is acting stupid
whoops kinda photo bombed! #sorrynotsorry lmao
Campaign cost under $30k, 's seeing more than $1M in potential sales.
Went to bed after midnight and have been awake since 430. How am I so chipper?!
one of my favorite things- I get to see all my friends!
I've been good way too long.
Do you think Orlando has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
Haha, not bad looking yourself man, you ever around?
I'd kill to see right now.
lol I'm watching drake&josh and I wonder if you still act that quirky and clumsy
Aint nothin' but a gangster party
But is it really a no-hitter if it's against the Twins?
RT : Little late but congrats to Lucy Van Dalen on winning the NCAA natl championship in the mile. Great individual achievement
For the 1st time ever, 4 Super Bowl MVP's are playing on the same Div.NFL Playoff weekend. Gon'na be great!
Uh Oh... and I are both in NJ...does that mean i have to leave?
???? What's this about shootings??
#LSUARK LSU defense holds Arkansas to a field goal 21-17 Tigers
we on the phone now
Can I take you to Prom?
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
What a bizarre conclusion, the "Great Leap" was the deadly part. #Forward is also the progressive motto of Wisconsin.
just got some new gear. hyped to use it tomorrow at the SULTANS OF SWAG SHOW
Cheater! cc RT : Trying to steal ipodschun's Mayorship from Little Italy lol! (@ Rinse Salon)
RT : LOVE BOMBBOMB! RT : Nice use of sticker [thanks for coming!]
We've got #MNF & we're serving up our new Specialty Drinks. Come enjoy a refreshing Orange Crush or maybe a Knockout Punch! #DOit!
: Let's have a markup hearing for the Online Poker Act. With the DoJ decision, it's time to act! Thank you.
Would be a great choice! RT: : Autographed Helmet, hat, Season Ticket package and im next to u on the picture!
When you're focused & have faith the day of the week may not matter. Bring your best today (and get some good rest). Be well
I do. What's the registration fee?
Tonights visual late night snack, "Carancho"
I can't believe I'm up😡
Tweeting the semi-manditory "thx for following". Is it something the rest of you want? I don't.
1. Thank you throwdown for making me feel better. 2. Fuck bitches
December 17 - Rihanna ♥
But this team does need someone to step up and take the ball in the 9th
imma have hit u in a min she got all the details
Taking off my media analysis hat for a moment, I just watched Mr. Popper's Penguins and it was adorable. FWIW, perfect ending to a long day.
My name is humpty pronounced with an umpty.
": hey Staffy ;) where are you?" Where ever you want me to be beautiful <3
Yes he knows that UK is thin at DT, in weight at that spot his mother is from Kentucky, he just wants a shot! He loves the SEC
can u please follow mean the world to me if u do I love u guys with all my heart please follow me please
Good news: we're expecting a large shipment of before next week.
life's quite complex when you're unemployed!!!
I'm trying to head down this summer with a couple friends
#LinkedInTips: When asking for a recommendation, make suggestions on what to include in the recommendation so it is more meaningful.
I’ve had enough of your crap~ toilet paper on strike.
Every time I see someone include they're Christian + business skills in their profile , I wonder if they'll still work w/ an atheist, etc.
I try to surprise with gifts and he gets mad. Lol.
Should lariat hire Bryant? Yes or no?
RT : I've been to twice. Great classes on social media & a chance 2 meet peeps behind the pals.
lol I kno Simms told me I put them perks down not when I get back tho lol
Today's Friday the 13th, and it always reminds me how irrational some sports superstitions are...namely Nomar Garciaparra's every move
y what happened?
the t shirt
. relating fight of #UXD to gain legitimacy in biz to the fight #PR pros have fought for decades.
Had Golden PrideFor Breakfast.
I see everyone is still on the same page .Thought we had another book..
peace to you as well!
happy B-day my Guy this ur day do it big mane
Getting #googledrive today has taught me that my Google Docs were a complete organizational disaster.
A lady on the news just made a 1984 reference. I'll have to say I'm impressed for once when it comes to people on the news.
haha! why thank you! :)
I is a happy sponge.
duude i know. I feel like I could fall asleep standing. side note I'm trying to figure out a way to c ur face @ winnie roast. xo
BITCH BETTER HAVE MA HONEY!
That's right. Let me know so I can leave your tix at will-call.
thanks homie!! Glad you dig it. Hopefully I can get you featured on there one of these days ;)
#TheMorningJones LOL, that show was like a family man! I miss hearing the callers
thanks for all the RTs! Always glad to find another invention fan!
What a great idea!
Appreciate comments. I liked songo'o's energy in 1st half, but he faded. Kalif tried to alter match, so gave him an upgrade.
Worst song ever. RT : i thought about tweeting the lyrics to "it's christmas eve in washington," but lost interest.
Thanks for following and
Ok if you think so
Today is Earth Day; let's all maintain awareness that it's all about symbiotic interdependence. We're here 'together'.
It felt so good n emotional to speak to my son thank u lord for continually looking after him father gide him tru this path n rebuke allevil
Its sad that no body has job security anymore, here today gone tomorrow
Woot, woot! Can't wait for 's #SpringFlash tonight with and at !
I like her style.
What kind of a loser wears their softball uniform to subway...
Students need to meet on Sunday to develop projects with me.
hey fuse! Just got back on 11 after 6 month hiatus lol wanted to ask... Hows 14 now?? Do u think a ps3 release will do it good?
RT : RT : Check out the season finale of Four Peaks, Tues 7 p.m., online. Taped live from HuskyFest, i
it is ironic that i have to pay to read this!
lol great question
Dont bother me ugh
don't tell me you just watched the trunchbull get her ass handed to her too!
You had me at "I hate that bitch too."
lol u know u like
Austin is beautiful.
RT : The only thing you need to give up to get what you want, is your story about why you can't have it.
Great to hear Jamey, glad you can make it!
I just wanna talk to Robby. I just wanna talk to my best friend.
**Newest Update** Clark County (Las Vegas) with 18% reporting Sharron Angle 44.7% X Harry Reid 50.7%.
Tomorrow as I pass through BWI I will buy a 12 oz Coke out of appreciation for their boycott of the evil ALEC.
just fill out random applications, look online & keep your eyes open. Geez!! 8am?! I eventually fall asleep around 3am
U mad? 1st round losses to Lehigh do that. RT : Baylor's Drew would be most logical hire for that program and it's culture IMO.
if you can, you should come to the cults show on 3/22 in la or 3/23 in pomona!!
We have a tentative 9/15/2012 date for our "I Can Make a Difference!" 5K walk honoring organ, tissue and cornea donors and donor families.
Success is the the best way to get revenge on one's enemies.
Stoked for le weekend! Anyone got any killer plans?
How is the show (Boss) going? I think you all were shooting by my school off of 47th and Lake Park.
Dear Santa, I need a month off to watch a crapload of ken burns documentaries. Amen.
good job on the initiation. Welcome Max!!
this world is made up of ppl who will manipulate u if u permit. Get to know who u are n what u stand for.
Dale Watson | Austin, TX | Country / Alt.Country / Americana | Music, Lyrics, Songs. Enjoyed your show in Sweden it was shit good!
First day of spring break.. meltdown before 7a.m.
Without practice for sports, I feel so out of shape and eat way to much
we support your cause!
Love RT : OneRepublics Good Life always makes me think I should have the top down, wind in my hair, road tripping somewhere
Looking for exposure FrecitiMedia dropping 1st issue of magazine June 1...Get ur ad today 6 different markets....we in the streetz!!!!
We love us some Archelon Enclosures. The best enclosure system money can buy!
Running Rebels is now featuring Youth of the Month! Check out this month's youth- at www.runningrebels.org
I wanna watch The Dictator, but idk, I don't wanna ruin it yet lol
RT : I adore the beautiful expression of love that is the scoreboard proposal.
+30min on hold w/ tech support Meanwhile ^BH is handlin it like a BAUSE over DM!
did go to Michigan. Those Wolverines are all geniuses.
Great idea playing flag football outside -.-
Its my birfdayy! I can't believe I'm 20 years old! Loving this weather :)
Izaak Walton~ I love such mirth as does not make friends ashamed to look upon one another next morning.
tomorrow starting at the new job $$$$
yes- i must say that sometimes we need a nudge! Thanx!!
KARAOKE tonight at the Newsroom / safehouse
|#quotes We are taught to understand, correctly, that courage is not the absence of fear, but the capacity for action despite our fears.
Hello Jeff! Thank you for the follow! I enjoy connecting with other Sacramentans!
Just saw Jason. It made me sad. True story.
aw yall up a little.. Cab is smooth tho.. Once you on the strip you aint gonna want to leave it.. Er'body on it lol
why would you do that to them? For your own personal pleasure? Cain and Abel got nothin' on them.
RT : More than ten people a year are killed by vending machines.
Oscar nominations. Bleh.
oh yea i love my new icon :-) i love Logan with all my life :-)
Last hashtag should have been
We are teaming up with Brilliant Beginnings Childcare for a holiday shopping fundraiser extravaganza benefitting their facility on 11/30.
check you messages on here.
later today I might freebase some pancetta
Are you kid enough to suck you moms tits? It wouldn't be so shocking if the kid wasn't wearing pants used in jungle warfare.
the #rosebowl is nuts this year..will they score 100?
Is really in need of a getaway.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone had a great Mother's Day yesterday.
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
Idol can wait. Family comes first. =)
yeen tell me Happy birthday neither!
thanks for the mention and for your participation in !
I agree :)
fingers crossed, be well
follow me I follow bck
true. that. haha nah, he just has a lot to learn *siigghh* -_-
much love!!
Especially since their station's initial report on #MadisonPrep had THE WRONG MEETING TIME AND PLACE.
Finally headed home..
wearing fishnets with shorts?
If you guys find anything, that would be cool. wants to play and it would be nifty if you guys got in on it :)
Agreed! Comic Sans is only "funny" up to a certain point, clearly.
Digital Humanities and Black Studies panel is awesome.
You ok mate?
Dying while giving birth
Mad Men, a quilt binding, ice water. My Monday night is WILD!
still cloudy and rainy in Sactown. #wtf? it *is* may correct!?
The Times (London) digital archive is sweet! Read an 1833 court case article surrounding The History of Mary Prince: A West Indian Slave...
You didnt understand what i could be, everything i was you couldnt see. So let me ask u how do u like me now? ;)
#ThingsIDislike chart music these days
Working on the new Areafans site by the way. Expect a new Rails app to be launched on/around August 1!!! Beta testing soon if interested.
woo! its really good, i'll help tweet it to him ;)
oh snap that would be awesome! Come to SF!!
that movie is so good! i love hockey!
Bubble bath. Then bed.
are you here today??>.<
It's beautiful out
follow me FERGIE I LOVE YOU and the Black Eyed Peas ;-)
ONLY 5 TASCAM DR2D LEFT! CARTON DAMAGED UNITS FULL WARRANTY ONLY THE BOXES ARE DINGED UP!
Ur like rosy O'donelle at a bisexual bridal shower
is that you I see over by the wall at the reserve game
I Cant wait for teen wolf tomorrow ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
all I want to do is sleep 😞
let me hear some of your work bro
"Think with your brain but live with your heart."
thank you guys,we had nice time
You called it 'impossible'. You are the one who gave it its name. And now you're complaining because it is impossible.....Just a thought
Are there any kinds of movies that you and your significant other just can't watch together? Why?
Hey Barney..... All the stormtroopers were guys.
sweet sixteen with mir
I just woke up to a charley horse & I feel like I'm dying
Five of the best travel deals - The Australian
RT : awe ekse! Even attacking on twitter? It's the anywhere show...
yea bro. Im either leaving that thurs or that fri morn. Ready to hoop.
It 75 out in the chitown loving it
Magnum of vodka and 12 packages of processed cheese, I know one Vons customer checking out behind me who's in for an exciting night!
“: Metta World Threes.”
FUCK MATH. I DON'T UNDERSTAND IT.
Thanks for following! Happy Friday!
Just saw my first brat fry sign. Must be in sheboygan
do u see this ??? Please follow me!!!
Only thing I learned in class today.. When I give presentations, I get migraines.
thanks for the return follow. Have a great night. Spring break here! Sleeping in, here I come
#MYIDOL Jessica sings beautiful an wonderful every week if she keeps doing whatever she doing she be on top
#IfITellYou I Love You, will you love me back?? <3
Sorry im missing it. RT : Listening to discuss social media analysis. Like him already
Love the quote. What was SRR comparing that to? Espec. since he was long before the time of portable info in any format u choose.
this is an awesome match!!! Go Taker
Just scanned through your tweets from #CivicFruit. Will need to check out projects mentioned.
Actually just fell for my boyfriend.... :O heehee
THANK YOU! (drives me crazy!!!)
I mean I don't think there will be many complainers if you do :) haha
Missing my damn game
You're. Welcome?
headed to #icny tomorrow to show off the latest in lead capture for Real Estate Brokers and Agents-weather permitting-4-5 inches in Atlanta
How often have you changed your Facebook Cover Photo versus your Twitter background? Behind your answer is a telling fact about #FB!
Still can't hear. Wah.
In honor of our 60 years in Tucson we're going to do our first give away once we reach 60 followers. Help us get there! #Naughton's
Really excited about the new creations! Keep me posted
#mansitchoazzdown RT : y'all may not know but and are two upstanding members of our community!
thank u very much<3<3
Yeah, great point. That's my feeling too. Better that than nothing.
We will be at Carowinds Amusement Park for the opening of Windseeker today. Stay tuned to our Facebook page for the latest updates!
Thanks Christina! Will do my best to carry the torch passed on by the class of '12. Congrats!
What is your favorite "Stupid Game"?
when are you back at Naya???
OMG OMG OMG finishing the latest episode, holy crap shit is going down!
Lol people on the internet are always so angry!
I would love to go on a late night cinematic adventure tonight, its been far too long.
I would be on Csi NY and only if Eric was my partner in crime
Or should I say happy 4/20!
any link to LCNAF reconciliation service? I didn't realize there's one.
Its friday and warm! Look out world here I come
I'm on 2 Zertec and a glass of water!
Can yall please follow me?!
May 3 – 23 City Hall, Library & MOCA front entrances will be inaccessible to vehicular traffic. The parking garage on Duval St. will be open
Won two games of mum ball #duh…winning
I cut my bangs to short
awk justin bieber follows me,, lawlzzzz
Castro celebrity. RT : Porn star is just a fancy word for San Francisco celebrity.
That location looks so peaceful!
That's something I'd have to pray and fast on.
Well only about 29 days left tell the Art and The Vineyard art show, I am almost ready... frames should be coming this week.
Should or must? :p
Much cooler than yesterday with highs only reaching the upper 50's. Sun will be out in full force, with light winds. Warm temps return Wed
On my way to LALA Land. Shooting Cat with M Model Management.
Narrowly avoided enacting a tired cinematic trope at lunch today. Eating alone with a book is absolutely fraught.
what gave it away? Too enthusiastic?
so wrecks are homeruns and touchdowns?
A Camaro, a tattoo, AND Aqua Velva. Sunjay is DEFINITELY from Rochester.
Welcome back--we're so glad you'll get to try Balsan. Thanks again for a wonderful set of photos from your RIA dinner.
OMFG. YEE THEY ARE GONNA PLAY IT AGAIN :D
Great to see you here! Love your work and was excited to learn recently that we went to the same high school.
Hey, cutie pie. I'm so behind on Twitter that I missed your tweet about my WIP. Sadly, I've made no progress. -bad writer!
haha this happens all the time with me! :p
im dne talken to my so called friend dats why im beaten her ass tommorow
All my studio time just stopped just now when Pretty Ricky's spoke
Huge spike in MP3 downloads Friday. Not sure what happened, but thank you iphone listeners(?). You just made my youtube views look stupid.
Just got called "big homie" by a real change guy...I think I'll keel it!
choosing an appropriate used car is ... causing me headache!
Time To Mow The Grass
Ew why. No.
I believe that you basically "are who you are" by the time your 15. That story says a lot to me.
ATTN!> SXSW Promoters/Organizers etc. We are currently lookin for any other open time slots @ any show/after/houseparty/pool.. hit us up!!
yay ! This could make tonight real wild !!
im taking a leap of faith
#sweetdreams all! I know mine will be!
Thx so much! Great work!!!
Beautiful morning, can't wait to c wat da rest of the day has in store!!!
Picture day tomorrow don't forget ;)
lol I'm going to hold u to that
After his finish to '11 & shoulder issues in spring, #Brewers have to be happy with what Marcum has done in 1st two starts.
what's hearts looking like?
yeah man. Just now caught the hang of it lol. When are you stopping by? Milton is coming by tonight
The Heat aren't doing enough..
so true... it would be a miracle if they pull it off.
11:11 don't be a dick this time lol
I'm always that person RT : I'm probably the person who stops you on the street to talk to your dog. Sorry about that...
Falling asleep in class
Interesting AdChoices for Robbins on Cosmopolitanism & War: PepsiNext and AmEx Gold Business Rewards.
then she said, I can take the cheese off the double cheeseburger if that's what u want **blankstare**
appreciated and thx
Season finale, NOT finale. Don't stress me out. I need my NCIS : )
Echoed from NDWFD Station 52 'Carderock' via : I just downloaded this app and think it as cool as cool can be
DC: First Solar to lay off 2000 workers. As another Obama back, tax payer funded, leftist fantasy company fails. ,)
'Mommy loves you': Courtney Love apologises to Frances Bean Cobain over claim ... - Daily Mail
Thanks to Rob Cancilla and Jim Accetta for becoming our newest fans! Feel free to "speak" up! :)
Need to find out what the clipping path layer was named. I'm dealing with over 16,000 files. All with paths named differently.
I tweet hard.
you gave a great talk on under the radar prospects at first pitch chicago!
whoa! neighbor! xoxo
When I'm ignoring a phone call, the phone seems to ring far longer than usual.
I love Joe Boxer socks.
those guys are too creepy for me
Why? To hear more LIES!?!?!!
omg! Thanks for the follow! Means a lot! I would also love it if u could ask ur amazing wife to follow me as well!!
JR for the win. RT I heard it took you guys a long time to 'craft' those Dennis Farina shirts
My mother heard your voice today and said you sound like Eartha Kitt, she ran into the bedroom to see what I was watching
I will be in love for as long as I live, for music will not go away.
We don't stop until are work is done!
Life itself still remains a very efficient therapist.
Celebrating another historic and tradition changing win for the #Buffs with
you're right. They pay me for my GOOD ones.
Just received word that THE Brandon Lee Martin might be at BYX Barn Dance tonight!
Someone just ding dong ditched me... What are we 12??
thanks for calling my attention to this
The Chicago #dancemarathon is still going on. Come cheer on Team Vanille and help them finish strong!
#Caps have taken the lead.
Stokley on helping young guys. "If I'm good enough, I'll make it. I don't think helping a young guy will hurt me."
time for splitting logs, fires, family get together's, unwrapping gifts and enjoying the holidays.
You are welcome! It has been a great Tuesday.
That is quite annoying to say the least....
Looks like a full schedule today for the #NASATweetup. Hope everyone has their questions ready for Senator John Glenn!
than you too! love your avatar!
Would Jesus use sunscreen?
humility is one of the most important tools in learning, unfortunately this tends to decrease as confidence is gained from learning
Lol, seriously. That's a deal-breaker!
(pl) 14 million kids will go hungry this #weekend in the United States.
Colors and design would be more effective than signage, by far. And look a lot cooler.
we both do.. but i have them alot
It was just as bad as it sounds. I wish I could unhear it.
Definitely not feeling dance tonight
is that because you spent the whole time at In and Out instead of watching the #Rox??
I swear, every time I drive on Mira Mesa Blvd, I wanna get out and knock some sense into people
Where will you be for the revolution of evolution?
ya im glad im not officer 410
Yes please
It's what I was born to do, don't have to think it through, Baby, it's so easy loving you, it just comes natural.
ROTC students build camaraderie through field training
That nap turned into BED. Lol
Breaking: FBI Fugitive Adam Mayes found dead. Two girls with him still alive.
I'm so confused watching this damn show.. What happened?
omg so crazy!!! Saturday is so close!
I didn't start until they played it all the time on the radio lol...I just seen the video today
I want to CUDDLE AND WATCH #NEXTFRIDAY grr.
Our outdoor patio is now open. Come grab and bite and see what we have to offer
Mine is stuck with me if he wants it or not ;) RT : RT if your favorite went HEEL, he would still be your favorite.
I'll have it up in the next couple of days.
if ever on the look out for custom furniture in any Benjamin Moore color. Please let us help. Heard good things about you.
Last welcome to new followers meant to include ; typo in last Tweet; it's early java still making their way to brain cells.
Instead I walk around like a zombie this week and pretend that inside everything is ok and it'll all be fine. Even tho I'm melting down
this picture makes me super emotional !!! He's beautiful
wanna get the prom tickets today?
100 year anniversary of the Titanic sinking or roughly the time when Titanic II sank?
promise me on your next run, you break the route out of nowhere and ditch the KGB guards.
Fun car tour. Went up to Timberline Lodge at Mt. Hood, then down to Hood River for dinner. It's nice to be home again.
Don't worry about me baby I won't catch feelings..
True giving is giving when you have very little to give. Love and Light
Someone already bought our house ! D':
Join us tonight at Pub Fiction as we welcome to the stage oh yeah. See you all after work!
Friday or Sunday? And where do u wanna go?
Happy Birthday to !!!! Love you so much. xo
Hosted a read-in today: 700 staff and students enjoying Ducking Gets A Cookie and reading together for
Girls and Guys shouldn't fight in twitter its dumb
I don't think i've hated a "celebrity" on Celebrity Apprentice more than I do Aubrey O'Day. Talk about conceded
No Kevin Harlan, it's not old school basketball, it's smart basketball. Cut to the basket when you are overplayed.
so true.
Human nature lol RT You don’t realize how much you care about someone until they don’t care about you.
Texas D1 Ambassadors-Morse with a big win over favored Colorado Miners. 83-72. Miners beat Minnesota Pump N Run earlier
Please note that my comment on your video is not describing you. That is all.
3 hours after original departure time & I'm still stuck @ O'Hare...
I cannot wait for Gossip Girl to start!!!! I must know Chuck's fate : D
From everyone at Enterainment Unlimitied we want to wish you a safe & Happy New Year. See you 2012.
not saying its aliens...but its aliens.
Oh shit! Lol s/o for the follow
RT Great Offers Buy CE Compass Case Cover Sleeve Pocket Bag Neoprene for Amazon Kindle Fire Touch Nook 2 Simple Touch......
avs need everything ... Seriously let's get better!!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Just wanted to confirm your coming to party tonight!?...
please follow me zayn <3 u are sweet :) iihhihihihi
Is MIA again 😏
I may not listen but I hear you loud and clear
Gettin Prom tuxedos wit Scooter and Jake
Will you ever follow me? <3 x7
Omg. Why is life so hard. Jfjsbdkajjaonxbjckw.
I think iv seen this episode of spongebob to many times XD im sitting here saying all the words along with themXD
LOL You a fool! RT “: Shout out to ....Keep up the great work!” we be clubbing ... Lol
The server at Raisins in is from my hometown! Small world.
nice new branding! ;)
hahaha pretty sure it's run by some BU girl.
I knew you'd like it! Glad you enjoyed as I did! :-)
you're the best!! Thanks!!
Who is this about?
old songs <3
Bulls Played hard doe if Miami stars was out in da playoffs dey couldnt play wit dat effort
Im very Tired of my phone vibrating lbs
" u do bronze
Met Rahm Emmanuel at Whole Foods Lincoln Park Chicago.
Here I go, making the Diversity page all direct and emotional.
Is there a worse public speaker than Dr. Taylor?
Niall! Why are you always in my dreams?!? (;
Aw, you were kidding? A-duh. Great song though.
New practice space achieved!
Bitch you get no love, no love, and I don't need you no more.
Thanks to everyone who bought Ice tickets to help support Indy Reads! We can't wait to see you at the game tomorrow!
boy am i furious.
OzzieG's apology reads as being very, very sincere.
Oops, forgot to turn my swag off. My bad !
Thanks hun!! :) I'm down for any time you wanna go
IU is shooting 58%, let me repeat 58%!! And they are losing!
One of us will be hurt, and clearly its not you.
Anyone want to see Joe Rogan with me Friday night in Pasadena? Ticks are $20
This little piggy limped 26.2.
Big hair fancy clothes rockstar in the spotlight!
bet bro
Thanks for the retweet. My fist one lol
Smithers, release the hounds...
thats a lie
Keep it going Giants. Huge drive right now.
Coffee shop chatter is all about hypnotism and cults this morning. facinating!
I thought we were in 4D/4G already with the Web, especially since it was just your birthday. What happened to Smell-o-Vision?
I'm up 6 in the morning lerkin......
With over 15,000 miles logged in the past 2 weeks, I'm definitely happy to report the thing I'm most proud of is that I pooped in Uruguay.
Alright sounds easy enough, thanks :)
Thanks Paul. I'll work on my Florida geography, but am excited to join the wombat migration southward
#truth :D
That sequence where Pau gave up the long rebound, Bynum blocked Faried's shot and Pau still let KF score: embarrassing.
Clearly off harden
hbd bud! Gl!
#What2ChainzWouldsay whatcha thank of my necklace?
I want tickets to April 22nd Houston TX
So happy to se big daddy berk finally get a ring. Long time stud of my fantasy baseball team.
sorry I couldn't be there to hear the talk. Definitely interested in hear more.
MAKE SURE THAT U GET www.itunes.com search Doin It Bad.
Do I have Any London followers ? If your out there I have a question I need answered so let me know : )Ψ
It's got a yoga studio, it has to be good RT : If it's good let know. He's always scouting out coffee places
Thanks for the #FF love. Have a great weekend!
hahahahaha!!! there is something in our attic also, how weird is that!
>I can sneak you in- :D
First tickets sold of AN APOLOGY!
Scared to show your face? LOL
yes omg yu have no idea.
Like my new background? BTR crosses The Beatles
I really can't stand the teeth whiting people in the mall.
“: thank YOU for watching/listening!” I Listen EVERY DAY!!
well stranger things have happened! Although I do have full faith in the Hornets, just wish Emeka Okafor could play tonight
been busy...did casting workshops recently with Jeffrey Drew, Kevin Mockrin, Adrianna Porcaro, Todd Sherry, John Barba, and Jeffrey Gelber!
I wonder where is in the world. I'll be in NY very soon so I definitely need to see him :)
I really do like the #RedSox throwback uniforms.
Who knew relay for life would be soo painfull hahaha 3rd degree burn and cuts all over my hands from opening a coke bottles, ima sissy!
I put a dollar bill with UMW on it at the Griffon restaurant in Charleston, SC. I did it two years ago and its still there!
you're sleeping over?
Ask about Richie & punch him in his vagina
we are both going to a wtp date! amanda on the 14th and brooke on the 16th! :) we both have vip too! :)
Surgeon in the elevator looks at me says nice big watch Doc, I said TY I'm not a Doc but yah its Dolce & Gabana with Sworovski Crystal
thanks Kassi! Unfortunately not, but I hope to meet you soon! :)
Chachi got OWNED. Ouch
Do you mind if I join the fight?
Thanks for using it. We'll see if we can speed it up!
but yet i still have to go restroom
Chipotle always wins. ALWAYS.
I can only process in Keynote these days. Not sure if that is good or bad.
Dinner was bomb. Went to black out town. Ready to leave !
Pathology Quiz Case 3: Diagnosis - Archives of Otolaryngology
We're located at 3037 N. Broadway across from Chase Bank! We just opened Wednesday!
An irritating thing i see on my TL: IDGAF i have no fucks to give blah blah. Really cause you seem depressed all the time& cry like a bitch!
I just realized there's so many hot mexicans at my school (; #choppinnn'it(;
"I Left Town" by Julie Doiron. On repeat. Ad infinitum, ad nauseam.
Thanks for continuing to @ me Adeline!
It's good to see Microsoft campaign case studies that finally include some data beyond no. of impressions. Customer voice....
Ortiz loves stickin' it to the Twinkies. Which sounds dirty, but is actually fairly awesome.
also on Barns and Noble.com and also on most other bookstore web sites too. The Book is called The Book of Poems of That Traveler.
Whn we discuss how 2"provide" quality Educ., R we assuming their is always an active & ambitious, and engaged "recipient?"
Happy Pi Day everyone! #3.14 #math sucks
i cant wait to get off work
Are you still coming to tonight's game? I was just told a TV crew wants to interview a couple #NewPal students at 6:30pm.
I have some good shit! Come over!
anybody need a place to stay for the super B...let me..know....i know some great hotels...ha...ha
They say retweetin Poised Creation is cool!!! ;)
I love how they have a typo in the first sentence. It's a university, innit?
From moisturizing Shea Butters to Black Soaps made by West African Women Cooperatives
Thanks for the follow Amanda. Hope you're doing well.
you around the city ;D I mean British boys are great!
Such a good feeling to know we may not be homeless next year!
Ditto!! RT I saw Smash's in Wicked - I could tell then she was going to be a huge star.
riding back from T-town
I would like to work on music with you!! Follow Back. I think we could come up with some good stuff!!
you are kinda AMAZING. and by kinda, i mean TOTALLY.
Good morning world!!! Have an amazing day!!!! Xoxoxo
Glad you're home. Sounds like it's getting dicey over there.
Morning.!! Wish me luck on my performance today
Thanks! RT like the SD trade up. we agree on dre to DEN. nice work
I actually didn't and I regret it.
Haha that's hilarious!!
Like really? Noone ruins my Sundays
RT Pride and Prejudice, one of my all time favorites. I've watched this '05 version at least 50x (no kid!) #♥♥♥JaneAusten
Hey Twitter - We are both SINGLE!!! :) hehehehe
I'm a music fanatic!
There's a fine line between cuddling and holding someone down so they can't get away.
lol I can't wait till school is over
no he ain't!
#Seattle #SuperSonics, aka , are damn good this year (9-2). Still highly bugged Schultz, $SBUX, sold to snake Clay Bennett!
Great morning Friday ! Be great , stay classy and....laugh your arses off my friends
I'm Pretty Sure I Fell In Love With Right Now #JustSaying lol
bout to go on a run n of course i manage to get icy hot on the spot where it burns the most
I need a boy toy....
New York City audition for TV pilot and then doing commercial... Taking a bite out of the Big Apple today!
Might name my kid 'Lorne' with the hope he/she has even 1/10 the success of his namesake.
Robin Williams hoping to become the next Joker?
Luckily, there is so much to do in Baltimore, I don't feel a post-vacation slump.
The DSA reported that in 2000, 55% of adult Americans had at some time purchased from a direct selling representative.
Hosni Mubarak is set to step down, I wonder if i pitch a tent in Washington D.C. if some of our leaders will do the same?
thanks Nick. Back at you!
I took a shower and returned to 14 texts holly mother! ;)
Plan your work and work your plan. . .
Hello! Glad to be connected. Kupoz offers your business FREE mobile media marketing Happy Holidays from 2U
ATX !! Playing Dirty Dog tonight on 6th with some really great bands! Doors are at 5 so come pregame with us!!
Thank you for the FF! :) If I have not said it enough thanks for the support & friendship, I appreciate it and am blessed. 💋
Tuesday, May 8: Liverpool v Chelsea, 2pm, FOX Soccer
fantastic concept and user experience!
My heart goes out to you. Teachin' ain't easy.
Dominion Virginia crews say they are investigating cause of outage which began at approx 5am this morning. 2500 without power now.
Happy birthday Twitter- u started at #SXSW in 2007 and have grown up so fast!
I think I'm officially burnt out on school!
thanks for letting your followers know about it.. pic came from www.pdxhistory.com definitely worth a look!
Ooh, this train conductor's got an attitude. She might even be more bitchy than me.
I've gotta check this thing out.
RT : Transgender folks may identify as heterosexual, homosexual, bisexual, pansexual, polysexual, or asexual www.tgguide.com
FB, Twitter, Pinterest, email, website - lots of places | RT : Q4: How do you promote your blog posts?
New ProQuest overview: everyone wants CSA back.
Going out with 18 other girls tonight to celebrate the soon-to-be- Mrs. Culver. Columbus, you are about to be owned.
One Good Thing!! Americans REALLY hoping now for change!
Damn it feel gud az hell outside I should've walked ova my bro crib
Hey moderators, remember the guy who finished a virtual tie in Iowa and ran away with second in NH? Why not ask him something.
I hope everybody is safe in these tornados out there... #God Bless
Nothing comes easy.
I'm voting you need slightly thinner batter and less oil on the pan.
Taped first "Maverick On Music Row" show yesterday for CMRNashville.com and DigitalRodeo.com, feat. Brady Seals, Ray Scotty, & OSO artists!
Stay in your lane or you will get knock out
ha thank you that exactly how I pictured happy thoughts looking. :)
Upon marriage, I tried to trash all of T's Grateful Dead tapes.Now here I am writing a report to "Box of Rain" and assorted Dead covers.
Don't know what I want but I know it's not you Keep pushing and pulling me down to you,When I know in my heart it's not you
What's your favorite way to spend the weekend?
lol...every time Oregon kicks off the ball, I expect to hear "she's a maniac" in the background.
I agree. At this late stage yes. 2 months ago it would have had more impact.
some shit is about to go down.
Nice! Good job #Pats!
wants to go shoot some photos real bad
how cool! I personally love to watch kitesurfing!
"Gruntled," followed by snickers.
Um. What U described on as Catholicism--ppl who believe in Jesus but oppose Pope--is aka Protestantism.
GB could have held on to Favre traded Rogers and found a batter QB than both in the draft
made contact with Harrod's- fingers are crossed that they want us!
Thanks for the add Aaron! I'm hoping for a & re-match this year!
What is this shit with diggy and Cole? Like c'mon, we all know who's actually a good artist
Felt odd to book #Gally 2013 hotel and flight nine months out. Staying at the CP again, but conning till Monday AM for the first time.
Mayor Rybak is currently the mayor of Room 15 at the Capitol. Tony Bennett is the Commissioner of Room 15. Now we need some senators
Haha my sister was like "What are you reading.?" I was like NOTHING!!
Feeling really good today! Had a great show Sat & a joyous Mother's Day celebration with my family this weekend. So grateful.
Reminds me it's time for lunch.
I'll Have Another wins.
fun! I love Wen.
At #WorldofDance with
I have seen the work you've done Mr. Crowe, and it amazing. I was wondering if you could help me just this once, thank you
One of these days I will actually wear my Cool Greys outside.
don't tell me ur a vegetarian now???
u no harmonica as always
It's sad when your car isn't even 2 years old and you have over 55000 miles on it :(
Urghhhh I'm so pissed right now. I need a big long bear hug :( ...and don't let go -_- lol
This is adorable.
That's awesome. I saw you're celebrating at - let me know how it is! I've wanted to try it.
Making the necessary commitment will demand discipline and determination.
I hate how i forgive easy😓
"Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved."
why do white people hate other white people so much
Flavor of the week dark chocolate raspberry
Its MAD THURSDAY hosts Halloween Bash!! w/ there early Free Beer Bar from 10-11!! O'Malleys 2249 N.Sheffield.
Pop's nuts if he plays Big 3 tonight and I fully expect Jerry to screw up his pick manana. What say the people? (Taylor)
Real good, we got to be together with family, my Grandmother had surgery, and it went awesome. Hope your New Years is a blast!
Sometimes I wish I could find a better job than the one I have right now...
Let me do mines and you can do yours...
hey bro i jus got my song In This Party published and i want u to add it to yo playlist. Wats yo email again
Sure will. I appreciate the quick response.
Your senior images are about you! Come to us, we will work with you to produce some awesome shots. And you could win an iPad
interview: Question: "What's your biggest turnoff (in a woman)?" Answer: "When they tell you their name"
Have you seen the terrible Anonymous yet? Friend and I went to a free screening & it is a terrible movie on top of it all.
Search #crackingthecode on twitter to join ‘s discussion!
Moonwalking zebra. #AGT is simply the best show on broadcast tv.
Reagan High School IB Gallery Night May 4th. Artwork, Music, Film. Also showing "Voices of the Young" w/Paul Calhoun. 4965 S 20th St. 5-8 pm
Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.
im always a troll. always.
yes I would [: I'm married to Lil Wayne, sorry you missed the wedding bud. (;
Atmosphere with Eyedea&Abilities tonight at HOB....jamz
me too! One of these days all this useful information about celebrity nonsense will pay off for me, maybe.
Visual Effects will probably be Hugo... #Oscars... Maybe I'll get one right...
Just saw #Americanreunion...it was hilarious. It's been too long since the REAL last one...not counting the straight to DVD flicks.
Keeping up with the latest food/diet trends is impossible because it changes week to week. Do the correct and healthy low carb diet
yea thats wassup!!! I ain't even going in expecting nothin I ain't lookin for no money!!! All I want them to do is expose my music.
OMG YOU GUYS I GOT KICKED OUT IF SCHOOL TODAY!
I'm Lamar Smith's Primary challenger, and as a PHP/AJAX developer, I understand the internet.
Seriously, You Guys– If You Are Going To Capitalize Every Word In A Sentence You Might As Well Just Carve A Swastika Into Your Forehead
Happy Valentines Dy to all of the beautiful Ladies out there!!
Lmao RT ": I'm not saying she's a slut, but the bitch has been on more wieners than Heinz Ketchup."
RT : Beautiful out Come by the Hogpen and get a tattoo and text your fav food at the fair to 49330.
me, i'm as friendly as they come. but i like you, my little quiet one.
Please give him hugs and kisses from me!
around 6 and he got hit by a car
I am stupid bored
#TellHimYouLoveHim okay, okay! hi Jake(: I love you.
Excellent! We're very interested to hear about this issue.
killing it at terminal 5
Open mic halloween reading, a lecture on medieval theology, and Rocky Horror & they're all scheduled at the same time!
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk! Pin and post...
Today's post-chemo song: Disco Inferno. Burn that mother down!
To count all the stars, you must first learn the constellations. - S.Rippetoe
Being a good bf and sitting by myself cause at this going away party I know no one.Only option is to dance but they keep having dance offs.
Lets go Brewers!! And....walk Goldschmitt please lol...
You're greatest supporter of You brought amazing tweets to best friends known as #Victorians ♥ :)
Overheard little boy and caretaker at lunch today:"What's an archive?" "A place where very important things are kept." Can't say I disagree.
I am doing good and hope you are too.
not sure how that would work. I will have to ask around .
If I rolled my eyes every time you did/said something that pissed me off my eyes would roll out of my head.
thanks for the #FF ! right back at ya -
(No, That's Not All There Is.) You do know that was the point of the question? Of course you do. Thanks for the promotion.
Free at last free at last
Done! 7 boxes ready for shipment to the Natural Products Expo in Boston :) Onto yoga :)
Did you guys wave to us as you were passing by big and littles? The girl at the table saw and waved back, I giggled.
Florida Native Plant Society Conference will be held at the Sheraton Maitland-600 N. Lake Destiny Drive Maitland, Fl 32751. We will be there
where in the world are you?? Haha
You know it’s going to be a great story when it starts off with, “So this B!TCH”
I woke up in Sleepy Hollow
absolutely. Keep me posted?
Gallup poll: 60% of voters say Pres. Obama’s support for same-sex marriage will make no difference to their vote
I have my moments :)
You know what I love? Singing with my boys at bedtime. Tonight we did three rounds of 'aby 'aluga.
MIT Sloan CIO Symposium Selects Leading Chief Information Officers as Finalists for the 2012 Award for Innovation Leadership...
#nowplaying angel bc codys a angel :)
If I can't use my reusable cup at your store because it's a health hazard, why take my money? That stuff is filthy.
your his queen but he has a wife.😨
finally off 😁
wtf how do not get kicked off ur so horrible if i had one of those id watch for wht u say its funny lol :-)
We got to play with our former President tonight! Well not the real one, but it was still very presidential. Awesome 9/11 remembrance event.
Kind of thinking about buying a ticket to the Indy 500
Yes! Braves do it again!
To go somewhere you've never been you have to do something you've never done.
A man can only do what he can do. But if he does that each day he can sleep at night and do it again the next day. -Albert Schweitzer
I will get back to you with an official answer - Sirinya
Haha! RT dear SD, if i'd wanted to see frost advisories in my local weather report, i would have stayed in Washington, D.C.
- you are very wise.
Lutherville got a shoutout on #madmen last night?
As great as it is to get away for a vacation ... So good being home as I pull into San Diego!!
brownish red...:/
lol you won't say nothin to nobody though 
Q. What do you call a lawyer with an I.Q. of 50? A. A Senator.
Excited about to start our successful EURO NIGHT @ EAST tonight! The venue looks great <3 So many people coming!
Ellen DeGeneres just gave $50,000 on her show. Thank you Ellen!
To be quite honest, I've been very blessed when I've worked with Hollywood. -- Nicholas Sparks
I see you speaking, but I just hear piano!
I'm new in town. What's one Portland holiday tradition/place I shouldn't miss this year?
Please stand by...
Uh. Have you even read my site? LOL. Yeah, no, as long as it's not, like, "OMG OSHIE I WANNA HAVE YOUR DRUNK BABIES" 24/7.
MY CHEEK HURTS. I want food now.
my dad knows we're dating.
Excited to redesign #jbphotography's website with a sweet layout. Anything anyone thinks a photographer should have on there site?
thanks! I'll start CCing you on all my email so that you'll know everything I'm up to.
Ask about IPO. That's coming up next!
Procrastinated procrastination so now I literally have this one day to study for my first anatomy test of the summer.
thanks for adding me to your UX list...
HUUURRRYYY!!! The NEGRA MODELO BEER LADIES are at D'Noche giving free appetizers away! they will be here for one more hour!
Father's Day lunch at the aquarium... Looking at the menu I thought I was back in NOLA!
I'm with you. Where do we start?
Is there a way to get on your radar for a review?
i wish he were home.
You know what this game needs more of? Defection jokes!
bo. Totally missed tonight's game, hope it was a good one!
What bullshit. RT : Prop. 8 Stay is held -- no marriages until at least September. More to come.
............. him & i will have secret times in the hotel. btw, are you guys staying thererreee?
angels with dirty faces
Man I'm tired of this shit every game its the same shit this is why I hate the NBA
thanks for the follow
dont forget: make sure you have fun today big fella
hi im karlton
just create it!! :-). What's another twitter handle for you anyway?
is going to bring it 2/17 at The-War-Eagle-Supper-Club, be there
Not only do i look like a prick driving an Expedition in a dark blue suit. I'm tweeting like one.
Removing Soriano or...?
Price hikes might be inevitable but UO should reward longtime supporters, not punish them. Keeping them is key 2 long-term financial success
The way folks use the word "we" when talking about sports, you would think they are really on the team.
I love you do much that I'd keep you from getting burned
I miss you but im really trying not to care anymore
Pretty packed weekend, #Giro starts today, tonight and tomorrow followed by
don't think I haven't noticed.
Yes sir! FOCUS ON IT!
lol, thought about buying a micropiece cuz i like to support women plyrs-- saving $$ for barrage of imitation posts :/
you something else you need a hug... Lol
glad that my tweets can get you off.
I love that movie.
Jessica's sister?
#Tigers gonna get swept back to back...
Is playing Kelly Kapowski in Saved By the Bell the Musical! Opens March 6th and runs every Saturday at 10:30pm Come and Seel!!
Women know exactly what they want until the second they have to choose.
SMH...ppl pissing me off at work, now off to my second site hopefully things are better over there.
Its Tuesday and you know what that means...yup, Cheesy Chicken Enchilada! Get it before its gone :)
#ff get my man to 40 followers.
hopefully you'll have an off day when we play Herr again!
“: take your anger out on Andrew Bynum”. HAHA!
ur welcome did u get more followers or noo..?
A great day playing soccer & sharing life w/at risk kids in a regional town.
About to hit the sheets follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back gn ;)
you are welcome:) thank you for doing what you do , your songs are amazing.
crazy game !!
Shout out to my friend Will Evans for his 7th place position after 2 days in the Southern Open - Good job Will !
Isn't Naya suppose to be at a party?? But she's watching Glee with us I think.
Never confuse motion with progress! Every move should have a purpose.
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your sister's crying while talking to her bf about their relationship and you have to pass them to get some juice..
BIO Announces Governor Jon Huntsman As Keynote Speaker For The BIO Convention In China
Is it "National Run the Red Light Day" and I missed the memo? Geez
Hey, Hannah is an a+ sister for editing my research paper
like a was told from he couldnt play for don nelson, so he will have to prove himself somewhere
get him in cosmopolitan and let me be there to shower him, i mean meet him x
Looking forward to Bridesmaid night out.. Cant wait to hang with my girls in dtwn Ann Arbor :)
nice to meet you lil Segen lol your nickname
oh girl I can't believe he thought that no diaper deal was going to work lol
Mcalisters sweet tea
hey, do you think jasmine would come to san antonio? just wondering...?
says I'm missing out on a great Twitter experience by not following the hashtags for games I'm watching. So I'll give it a try.
So was I.
cont...raspberry habanero brussels sprouts, lemon pepper broccoli, spinach and garlic mashed potatoes, creamy maple butter sweet potatoes.
i was one of the people that said "A", I as well as the others that said A with me knew what to expect from mcgee
Just saw cola company's creepy firing squad ad. Recalled potato chip company's creepy guillotine ad of early 1970s.
Tip #5: “Consider consulting a private clinical social worker, gerontologist, or other appropriate care provider." - A.A.M.G.H.C
On to Question
Bitches hste for no reason
Best Day I've Had In Awhile.
Good morning. Time to get some "work" done!
:)) now get Avery to get a twitter!
Up....think that was going to call me
Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can't change. Life's too short to be anything... but happy.
Done doing some professional reading. There will be nothing remotely academic allowed into my head for next 12 hours.
letz get it
I love you and your music. Just remember, forget the haters and live like they dont exist! Your amazing and i <3 ya!
Watch the free UFC tomorrow at BW3 in south ridge or Timothy's bar on Quarrier an pick up your RCC tickets there. They have them!
I'm going to try and bring my A game back to twitter. Watch out folks❕❕
The new Dr. Dog has too many words.
: Yes! I was just thinking about how much I #love those people -- #strangers and #friends -- who always keep my
Two friend requests in one day??!!
getting my hair wbu
ThX 4 sharing! “: It's kind of fun to do the impossible. Walt Disney”
great idea! I think I have popcorn...
#simmonsradio operations manager Heather in secession at #WIBS Staff building, recruiting and training. Check it out from 1:30 to 2:25
Cheating is a choice, NOT a mistake!!
To let you know what's real? My butt implants?! Okay, listen after 2 PM!!!
I wish you were taking care of me too boo :(
No wonder this phone isn't working. It's a calculator, not a smart phone.
#happy4thofjuly “Everything that is really great and inspiring is created by the individual who can labor in freedom” ~~~Albert Einstein
Thanks for the #FF ! Autumn in #SanDiego is beautiful - it's our second summer!
happy early birthday!(;
SHOWCASE YOUR WORK - Submit a photo for Photo of the Week on Musée Online! Make submissions to
great job on the 1 hour (60 min)
Got a turntable , my Animal Collective Ticket, and a Capo for my guitar . Love having a job
Props to Megan for telling Don the truth.
how difficult is it to listen when we are praying; what can we do to help that?
The pleasure is all mine! Congrats on the press and IFQ win!
Over coming lifes struggles make you a better person
it was my youngest bro asking so I guess I'll find out when I get to OKC
Aside from the obvious, why does it feel so wrong listening to music on spotify? And it won't even let me listen to Liquid Swords.
But very few options on this team. - just saying if Hart is already your leadoff guy could put almost anyone up there
Car towed. New keys almost made hoorays
Gamel in right?
Steelers trade up 10 spots to 109.
OMG kittens!! My cat rescue has kittens!! Little fuzzy orange tabby kittens!! So hard to leave them there.
LOL yeah what grade r u in?
Fat Cats, Prosperity, Lava, Fig. RT Need ideas for a late-nite dinner tonite (after 9). Not a "usual" place. Suggestions?
lol. Just kidding.
The links are up at www.watchnhllive.com to watch all the hockey games tonight just register to view all the links and enjoy
Be careful out there Milwaukee! It's going to be winter this afternoon
Oh yay .. im mad u dont know how to spell ur own cousin name
I'm thinking of RTing this as well
lol what's up with that. I saw in a movie that its an invisible protective circle. Lol idk
Today is book writing day! Working on chapter 8 of 12.... I can't wait for you to all read it! :)
What was wrong with the hack???
got in at 7 this morning after finishing 2nd in the 5k Chinese event for 35k and change last night.
please tweet us all that xzibit PowerPoint meme
RT : Q for - do any publishers supply a code with a physical book so you can read and e-read it? Good Q.
ya mama jp
Looking good!
RT RT : After the documentary, the room was speechless in the General President's suite
that's my neck of the woods. Have fun my brother!
I appreciated your walk of win on ATH today. I was trying to figure out if the people behind you were actually real.
for RT and the follow.
I hate doing study guides ._.
- Awesome news, congratulations!
Q4: Not sure if they're the "best" ways, but they're definitely proven effective methods.
So tired. I just want to sleep forever right now.
There's enough Chris Brown hate still out there. Seems like he could have done more with his speech.
#notwaterpolo #Twilight funny. Instant karma.
Jeff Gordon needs a break... Very tough...
Today is the beginning of about two straight weeks of chaos, stress, and hopefully fun. Hope i don't die!
Can't wait! Chicago needs more Carrie!
Thanks for following. Looking forward to reading your timeline! Adam
Ima be back for all that was real to me
I love you too Alex!! :)<33
Black man succeeding/ they hate to see him make it/ smiles on their faces/ but inside they can't take it/ funny thing is, they're black too.
Playing schedule Tetris.
I totally agree. I shared that same statement with some teen girls yesterday at a luncheon we hosted.
Yeah right, Georges Perec. I barely poke holes into "the subject"
Adjectives make everything better. Hey, we never talked about freelance design stuff. Next week sometime?
Thanks to and the rest of the band for bringing the Madhouse to last Saturday night!!!
wake'em up then knock'em dead! Good luck on the presentation.
LOL Ken. You live right by me and I've yet to see you do that....lolol.
They still get paid $$millions even if they lose? NCAA > NBA :) RT : Why didn't call timeout and draw up a play??
New shirts, new stickers, new bands member, new CD, party this Sat @ the Hemlock Tavern
and if we go to a mexican wedding there is probably a good chance Maria and Juan are getting married
Finally! I wonder how much of a discount we'll get for waiting over an hour?
I already do mayne!
If you're a fan of good music and good people, I suggest you follow my friend and wonderful musician Remember his name! ;)
Sports dilemma, everything is on at 1 PM tomorrow! NHL Winter Classic, my beloved sad Wolverines, then the MSU game. What's a girl to do?
LOL, literally just got back from Chi 10 mins ago!! #GetItInGirl!! RT : In chi town!!! Time to get silly!
phone lines are open! call us with your local request! 585-222-buzz
I can see why.Haha.(:
Day long training and no coffee has been provided! Not cool...
808s and heartbreaks good ass album
God i love the hawks! But i cant wait for baseball
I need an infant gronk nation shirt if possible?!
I know they have to win this next game on Sunday if they wanna even have a shot to win this series. They better pick it up
Appreciate the suggestion!
Morning off to make this money
Had a terrific first lesson with Max4 So great I signed up for tomorrow, too!
Congrats to #Reds manager Dusty Baker for win No. 1,500
Shake it like a salt shaker!
At work free pool night!!! Slicks on montrose
. Super couple indeed. We'll see how super this power play is.
Hi Matthew, it's 2pm check in and 11am check out | Some late check out options available until midday upon request to us |
Best wishes to our trainer Will and client Sarah as they run their marathon today!!!!!! Wahooooo!!!!!!
Ron Artest antics don't surprise me
Okay. Thanks.
#Cash for Keeping Your Neighborhood Clean & making Baltimore a great place to grow. Call 311 for info. Please RT & share w/ followers!
Yes i am wheezy but i aint asmatic.
Twestival Baltimore needs HELP from our Twitter friends. Know any potential sponsors? DM us. Plz RT.
Scarlett tweets you shall get! Maybe even a pic or two if they let me. Thanks for the follow!
Actors create experiences they have never had.
cats and computers belong together! RT : I'm going to start a tech blog that only posts happy thoughts and pictures of baby kittens.
It feels like spring outside.
Incredibly proud of the 8 teams (18 students) that advanced to #DECAICDC finals!
Yayyyy!!!! Tar Heels!!! Listened to the game thanks to the #MarchMadness app :)
What is integrative about yoga is everything we have yet to learn about the mind/body connection.
I love falling asleep at night and waking up to her in da morning<3
part of my job today has been helping people recognize april fools jokes. skepticism is just one of my services.
Ugh two weeks left for school....this Saturday trip to Disneyland for choir...ok plz let this week go by last.can't wait til the summer...
The wicked flee when no man pursueth; But the righteous are bold as a lion. (Proverbs 28:1
Yes Sir!!! & are SAFE to dance again! Semi-Finals next week! Good job #PackerNation!
It I'm doubt that special person will call lol
The service at #Gustavs has really gone down the drain of late. Poor service, poorly prepared food. Disappointing!
My roast chicken is better than supermarket chickens.
Well I'm not going to school :)
Sited!! By Deliriously Smiling Passengers - King Kong At Empire State Bldg!
I think the lead singer lives in Staten Island. I don't think they made much $$ the Pistols allegedly didn't make much$
hahahahah I'm currently in math class dying because I am imagining you doing this..oh dear lord!
Off to study at the BSU library. I can't wait to creep on the frat boys.
Moms making steak & baked potatoes. Yum.
Last full week of school!Yess!
New set of strings on, 13 gage & thickest I've ever used as normally I use 11's or 12's .. Yay 13! \m/\m/
The Non-Profit Event will be luxurious after you go to the gym Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Seven Pepper Sirloin Steak Salad >
Strickly US speaking - how about a trek from Moab, Utah through to Colorado's great divide to end at Telluride. Need 4WD.
Physical security describes measures that are designed to deny access to unauthorized personnel.
wrestlung equals boring and brewers losing. but hey still in first place
love you girl. Text me if you need anything! <3 Today was fun, lets do it more often! :)
If you annoy me today, don't expect me to sit there... Not today.
shine away.
Awesome pic, can't believe I missed that!!!
Subway Eat Fresh!
“: Guess what me and my BESTIE/cousin got planned for the near future....”--let it marinate lol
Which is part of the problem - it's as though Palestinians and other subjugated groups in Israel are always spoken *for*
tumbling with my wife today ;*
We drink a lot of beer around here.
Back in the big city. Ha ha. Which one?
really! Celaith is coming here and we can all ride together
Yesir! RT Thanks for coming out to support I really appreciate it guys
you won't feel it soon web your tipsy!!!
I enjoy reading sports-related tweets from !! That's my girl!!
just saw this you can send it to my email if you want and we'll throw it on the show
It's 58 degrees & my co-workers think it's cold out. smh
You're just ready for these 3 days to be over so your biggest competition will be gone. But baby she may be gone, but she'll never be out!
Another beautiful day in the big apple! Going to the park today for a walk. #NY Rehearsal for tonight, 9:30 show Metropolitan Room
You guys make up a time for your fights? LOL me & my sisters usually just go after each other at the 1st chance we get
(con't) Best sportswriter we've had here in a long time. Start working on a book, would ya? Balto-centric if you please.
Nerd-a-licious Fact: The plural of OXYMORON is either oxymorons or oxmora.
Fast. Paced. Hockey.
Morning Beautiful smile
Man, Hilton didn't know what they had in store offering free wifi at RailsConf.
Hopefully they will have them for the ever important November election!
Exactly, and we borrowed every cent to cover all of that from China
Oh my god!! That just happened! Ahahaahaa!!! XD
what shade of navy blue?
spoon tonight at the 9:30 club! very psyched
Let me get this straight, My tweets go to facebook, but my facebook status does not tweet? WHY?
I would just like to say that throughout all the years that I've been a liar, not once have my pants caught on fire
RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!
Glad she's okay! :) My Jack Russells' send their love! Now you can breath a bit better!
when you're running for president. You still have roughly 18 years.
you dont like your fanily=bad
BOYS BE THROWING SALT..... LMAO.... I DO IT FOR MY
& fifty told me gone head switch your style up and if they hate let em hate whatch the money pile up ;) lalalala
thanks, mijita. c:
We're gonna save the world tonight
Good Morning, I AM READY!!!!! 1. Looking for an Agent to help me get my career to a whole new Level. 2. Publisher for my new book. 3. Publi…
is giving Twitter another try. We'll see!
Trying to buy the Brew Fest ticket, but the server keeps bumping me out!
: They HAVE had student events trend.
is so #Hipster she hates everything about the
The chillest day I've ever had in school
All 5,000 emails attended to in one day. Success!
Are you playing in any WSOP events?
i'm on day 4 of a lifestyle change. I slipped w a bite of cake but for the most part am sticking to it nicely. lots of cravings tho
I love the ones with currants in them.
It started out as a stabbing when we got the first call, then it became a homicide as we arrived. Intense!
I'm doing 2012 Junior Road Nationals. No matter how well or badly I do, I've always wanted to do it & I'm not letting my dreams pass me by.
Need a new workout playlist. What are your suggestions?
It was great to see you Seb! Thanks so much for making the trek and safe travels. Looking forward to LAWDI!
Last. I like the freshening aspect. RT Do you eat your pickle first or last?
This is a fantastic resource-- thanks for sharing. Is it Friday yet? Can't wait for this to be delivered.
It's all about the GRIZZ baby!!
What's next? Eagles draft two more linebackers and a safety? Juan Castillo must quietly be running this draft.
Hey Jessica! I wrote/produced Jocelyn Enriquez and Jaya's first hits, and I'm a big fan of you. More power & don't stress. :)
Definitely! That would be great!
It was my pleasure Eric, I look forward to the #aecsm chats!
Off to New Orleans for the defending champs! Bring yourselves to Bourbon. Cheers to you losing there!
Information Fair at new Faculty Orientation on Monday July 11. All Faculty are invited to attend.
game still aint over
One more follower to 70! Help me get there.
#FollowFriday You should read tweets from
Thanks Chuck... You guys rock too!!!
good times this weekend. a much needed break. it seems like the last year was in a lot of ways just the preparation. now to work.
what time do we have to be there tonight? I have a shitty memory
I hate drama.
gotcha......it's going to be a trip until Nov.
HE'S MY LITTLE SECRET SHHHHHHH =)
....I feel like Larry Stylinson is getting more distance and it's more Zarry now. Oh okay sorry for my opinion.
Rep are making a puppet for Romney's running mate, teaching Mitt ventriloquism so he can change his mind mid-sentence and blame the puppet
Why does school ruin lives?
I need #MORETHANTHIS.....constantly working towards a better ME💙
Q:What is your shoe size and how tall are you? A:I wear a size 6 in womens and a size 5 1/2 in boys ( jordans <3
hiding where?! I'm missing the invitations :(
it is off to Wyoming, Colo., Ks and home, have been reading stories, poems, and stuff, love it, it is fun!
My first saved Google search: 11/26/07: "bermuda cars." Hint: You can't rent them. Try a moped -and drive on the left!
How u feeling? You have your diva behavior back or still recovering?
Hanging out at my favorite library and working on my syllabus for summer.
Brooks Conrad actually got on base!
Let's make this little boys dream come true... tweet for #RyanKennedy!!!
Don't F w/ the person that signs your checks!! A concept some pro athletes don't seem to understand!!
#Shakeitupfact Bella Thorne is actually i real blonde she dyed her hair Red to play the character of Cece Jones
Great #twitter news!!!!!! I just got my 600th follower! Thanks, followers! Special shout out to #ECET2 followers. Teacher Voice Movement!
with the right personnel you can't bet against the Mamba.
We'll be tweeting today's event throughout the day w/, using the hashtag #culturalmuseums. Join us!
Look Out for the Amazon-ian Sales Tax - Fox Business
now you've got me trying to think of a good substitute for cat.
are you ready to join the dark side
you know it!
wanted, #interior #designer that is #CAPS #certified, in the market. Thx for spreading the word.
Been a minute since ii been on here
m, snacks on a plane
What's Good Twit Fam!! New Music on the Way...Appreciate All the Support, Stay Tuned!!!
carry yo ass to bed !
The human mind treats a new idea the same way the body treats a strange protein, it rejects it. ~ PB Medawar
Is it just going to be tonight? Or tomorrow also? RT If you're up north tonight...
listening to #SaySomethin right now :) love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 10
Bella Thorne and her mom...don't know her name:(
Hey Laura! Looks like you are making some great finds in Cincinnati!
Some turkey this afternoon then coding/debugging tonight. Hope I figure this one out.
Can't wait to be able to study at home again. Practically living @ Crown Library due to course reserve books.
At the diner. Time for tater tots
I guess it will depend on your culture and upbringing.
On CQ.com now, CQ Today tomorrow: Congress and Obama officials lay out some plans for chopping, managing, keeping parts of the spy budget.
very glad to hear!!! :)
Happy Birthday !!
Done, done, and DONE!
A whole lot overwhelmed at the moment
Hahaha!! I live it!!! Did you tell to wear red too?!?
At least we're not the only team lacking from the penalty spot.
It's been a while since I did a 7 am workout. Felt good.
Worry less, smile more.
well the cast for Sea of Monsters is completely ruined. except for logan
Waving back. Hi!
We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate you exercising your cool.
What did you do for Memorial Day Weekend?
Minneapolis: GLITTER NIGHT tonight - our glam rock dance party @ Nick & Eddie Warehouse (next door) featuring Them That Dare 10PM sharp!
It will be a close call for showers on Tuesday near #roc. Watch at five for my forecast!
Today's workout: 110 pull-ups, 220 push-ups, 330 sit-ups AFTER 1,400 yards of swimming.
No. George is the reason the Nuggs are the 7th seed... He's the reason why i watch the Nuggets
I feel left out cuz I don't have an iPhone and I can't see the faces
love the new avatar.
These are the choices that we make when we expect little else.
Well said Charles, the refs stole that from those ND kids
So glad to see memoir at No. 1 on the New York Times bestseller list, right where it should be.
thanks anyway, we are just happy to have found a copy of the segment!
Omfg. Accidentally swallowed my cough drop. Um, ouch?? >.<
Mother's Day Brunch @ Row 14,10am-2pm. Make your reservations today!
Been MIA for a min... Had sme business to handle but Im Bbaaacccckkkk!
My heart palpatates every time I hear this amazing version of Piano Man... I'mma be front row at the #idoltour!! :)
Mark Zuckerberg talks on a cell phone and wears a hoodie every day of his life; ain't nobody shooting him.
we love Droid users too. working on it will let you know.“: Droid user, but intrigued (regardless of random drawing).”
Let's finish this Bears
So, could you share your ideas?
Who is going to ICNA this year?
Collaboration and the cloud continue as strong themes for
Love you to !
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYJBOOGZ how is it not trending tho
i travel with you guys all the time. Today just up to #Fullerton from SAN. But I really want to take it to #SantaBarbara & beyond.
I'm in love .. With my BED Now! That's the only thing I cannot wait to see lately SMH lol
Lovely! You might give it a quick peek in Safari... Chrome seems really happy with it though :)
I cut my hair and I haven't cried yet. This is a good sign.
Idk just some normal human stuff like, tv, chores, ect.
eww, i know he gleeked all over me!
Will post a pic of the ONESIE giveaway soon!
I want to like the Truvia songs, but man I really want to rip my ears off when they come on.
I think I've listened to Suego Faults by at least six times in the past 24 hours. Obsessed.
Break #time! for a few minutes at least :p
28 points and 55% from the field. #76ers need to come back to earth and the #Celtics need to step up the D
Oh, I guess there is the no shorts thing, but other than that, there are no fashion rules
sorry boo personal BUSINESS
with Gia Fragallli working on Layouts... Does anybody have some coffee????
Discussion on how to disruptly improve education
nice job (as always) wilde. Thanks for sharing.
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!! =)
Am still in Daytona roughing it at the Hilton !!!!!!!!!
Happy MLK Day. Honor, Reflect, Act.
People in the NW are prone to vitamin-D deficiencies - discovered through a blood test and solved by a vit-D prescription. Fight Depression
My mom paid $60 to enter me in a raffle for an iPad. I Already have an iPad....
Reenos last night >
You should follow He's just a wee little egg still, but there's some good religious & political nuggets in that brain of his.
Er... lay off. Still not good.
High School was hell for me. But listen here: It gets better. It really does. "These are the best years of your life" is bull and a lie.
Aye man who hiring im tryna get my intrepid fixed
in my bedroom i have and couple events. but not like i was. i was touring thru out the midwest. just focusing on family...
they have to be so tired
haha he lives in Indy and he like came to my school to work out.
#PLUR Peace. Love. Unity. Respect. These are the things I will never forget. <3
RT : #HCM2012 Talent acquisition *must* include #socmed elements to drive, monitor & protect employer brand.
Frank Jr is going to his 8th grade finale tonight, lol, I remember going to mine...horrible night.
I'd recommend checking out the email notifications for dataset updates, or the RSS feeds. /cc
D3 extends good luck wishes to Y.C., J.F. & N.V. this week. Also, D3 offering best wishes to M.M. & C.M.!
Never live in the past but always learn from it. Anonymous
You guys are great
RT : #Shotout to they have fine of the best #funding programs out here !
Seriously. 5 minutes my butt.
So cool that the first voice at the fundraiser is Digital Harbor High School student Evodie Ngoy!
will do !
I don't think I can live without espn3 now. I'm kind of upset now when CBS has games and you can't see replay.
Going to go bike >>>
I feel like a cool kid since I got the last Arizona Drink from the Corner store :D
that is weird. I wouldn't think people would notice / care if I didn't tweet and would only unfollow if my tweets sucked.
Fair pt. I meant specifically the developer culture. I didn't get to see a Hackathon, but I take Bosworth at his word on that...
you're most welcome!
Like video games? Get bored at work? Check out for live streaming, news and reviews
Got it THEE fuck in last night!
you want the rest of MLS to think that we are just constantly trying to get own goals?
Cowley, the reporter, is not a former player. Has the same name of a former player, but not the same guy.
On The Dark Side... Eddie and the Cruisers
i wish i was you lololololol
what a waste.
505 tweets generated 842,110 impressions, reaching an audience of 176,611 followers within the past 24 hours
When your in front of friends its the hardest thing to go against the crowd and do whats better but you will be the 1 that makes it in life
Little miss obvious, I know that we've seen better days. So go fuck all my friends, just to see if I still care at all..
Having a great time at the #confab12 meetup at Barrio. Great extension of the workshops.
Is you pen, in the telegraph, thousands of miles of copper wire, or indeed, the real pen?
Let's go #Brewers!
haha Most of my friends know how he is. He's even more annoying when my friends are over.
“: I SEE A FEW MUTHAFUCKAS UP EARLY ON THIS SATURDAY HIGH POWER FAKING WIT IT THO <<<
I left home at 13. My only pictures are of me in the army. Helmet hair
#mantra #CLE ": Tech allows us to INNOVATE, not just iterate. - #12ntc"
excellent 1st hour of Raw. Can't wait til Sunday.
Thanks for reminding me about the bike exhibit! See you at Nature on Tap!
-- butterfly / what's it dreaming / fanning its wings? #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
One does not have a Twitcam while I am at school. I don't want to miss it! :(
I'm hungry i want food .
“: Yeah I can't even f*ckin sleep.” k tweet abt it
Hey, follow me back?
You know you live in the back woods when everyone on your bus has a chew in haha and when it takes about 2 hrs to get home :/
The future of work & innovation: Platforms, Parallelization, Productivity -
Watching true life I have orthorexia all I want to do is yell at these people to go to McDonald's
Yep, 64 days and I am excited and kind of nervous I am forgetting to do something! haha thx for reaching out :)
it's gorgeous
What do you like most about running???
Reasons why im weird- while I was talking to my teacher I looked at my nose and he told me to stay in school
� Any relationship primarily built on physical attractiveness is predestined to be short lived. �Zig Ziglar
Motherfucking Black Keys tonight. Can't wait to wiggle.
Miley admit that she's been smoking weed... But then she said that it was only a joke... True or false? Bad girl or good, seems like both.
Jim, can I get your email? Would like to ask your advice on a startup idea. Thanks. DM me, please.
So.. I'm not at all surprised that the Mariners don't want another pro team moving in next door.
princeton look too good
I think that Timothy Geithner kinda looks like Tony Goldwyn in "Ghost." I find this tremendously unsettling.
I spoke with a potential tenant of the Fallsway Spring building. HE and the developer are asking. WE should talk about it...
phone autocorrect sorry bout it. :)
Is there some sort of source for this description?
Hows that for the old man .....
I know u haven't made your mother's day resos yet. I can help. Let me know what H2S restaurant you want to go to.
Twitter is lagging . who agrees ? RT !
BAY AREA BUYOUT FOR #BELIEVE(: #40DAYS !!! :D <3
move away lol
"What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have means much more."
oh, and whoever said the camera adds ten pounds, is wrong! But let us know if you need 10 glazed doughnuts...
n/p
well? Somebody DM me his email, or vice versa.
fuck you Monday.
Bout to pull up on this meeting in my tiny shirt and my tiny pants man
Did you get my email last week?
“ Expect Greatness Today!”
What's worse? Going to bathroom in a public restroom? Or an underground poker club?
my new betrothed is very rich and lives near the lake in a big apt w/2 ladies
It is almost the weekend and I'm heading to Dallas next week..not too bad of a day for being Friday the 13th. 😃
Morning everyone
#packers win #bears lose GREAT SUNDAY
So excited for our interviews tomorrow! Interviewing therapists who are eager to learn and grown in #marriage and #family therapy
bahahha i love it!!! SO US!
I woke up singing Lucy in the sky with diamonds.............no idea why. :-)
RT MA Bourdon gets undressed by Stafford, who scores,. 8-2. No more updates from me unless something big happens.
Just returned from daughters highschool orientation - I'm pretty sure I'm in over my head...
Awwwe, Miss ya more! I retired last month & find myself busier than ever, it's a good busy, it's my busy :-)
u do realize this won't fit in a mini van right? This ain't no kiddie thang!
We won't say the name yet but our guest artist is pretty grand. Here's a hint, the name starts and ends with "S".
thought i'd let you two know i'm already on chapter two! thank u :)
damn lol you live in Orlando ?! And twitter is worldwide tf jaha
lol so much animosity....calm down haha
No problem! Thanks.
she's totally mine, too.
over here NBC sports network over here
They skipped etta james in the video?!
Twitter is all the rage on the internet, but it's not just a cool toy
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
Twitter just got interesting
Out of school already #districts 😊👟
leave it hol up
#Things2ChainzWouldSay I'm riding on empty, my J's are really filthy good thing I am riding around wit my bros J's HAND ME DOWN
A cockroach can live for an average of several weeks with it's head cut off
Keyra is a girl that I made up a rumor about her dating Austin. I regret that and im sorry.
Yeah, Jason learned that he needs to keep his phone charged. I'd love to come back by Madison too. To eat some squeakers!
Very excited that I played the guitar and for once didn't chip the polish on my right index finger. Yay! :)
My prayers are with you and your family
'The Cerebral Approach to Exercise'...MindFirstFitness
Lot's of sore legs from last night! I'm not going to get any e-cards today.
That's sort of what drives any company's safety policies.
FINALLY, Tampa/St. Pete gets da rain!!
It's funny that you're getting a slushier.
HE'S MAKING ME TALK ABOUT THE THING WTF DO I DO? He's legit trying to convince me we weren't drunk Cassidy.
Is American Idol...""rigged"? How can Micheal be voted off.,then saved by the judges..and then make it thru the next week when two are gone.
you remembered your password, I see :)
My fallback plan is to tie pieces of string around dead grass and sell it on Etsy.
love it ;)
presents?! Yay! I just went to the Craft Revolution exhibit at Mingei and thought of you the whole time.
Unfollow me. Complain. Once again, idgaf.
it's not that bad I click on links that say do not click here. I don't know why
That's weird - thought I was following! Am now.
players too, but what good's a system with neutral arbitrator if it's perceived that any decision against 1 side gets him canned?
Lack of scoring by the second rank offense in regular season is reminding me of 2 years ago. will need someone to pick it up.
My phone keeps infill owing you... 😏👎
Studio Session w/ at Studio Tomorrow STRAIGHT WORKING...!!
Wow Andrew Bynum had 30 rebounds tonight?
Had a pretty good birthday. Not wanting to go to my 9:00 class though.
The fact that we have school tomorrow <<<
I just registered for the upcoming RBMS preconference in Baton Rouge. Shall I rent the first season of True Blood to prepare?
#MyPastRelationships made me better, not bitter.
hell yea
I finally broke my last coachella casino 100 dollar bill on that bushmills.
Power to the Pubbys!
I found out this week one of my great aunts and uncles spent the last few years living in an RV parked outside their fully functional house.
Nothing I can say will ever make u happy. For whatever reason u r content to hate me (). Life is 2 short 2 fight.
Thanks so much for the comment, would you wanna S/O for S/O?
Once you're attached... You're screwed.
“: “: Luke Scott's beard looks stupid. #Rays” <--- #truth”
Officially booked with for 's 25th with !! Pumped!
works for me. I'm currently hanging out in Troy until our lunch so we could do earlier if you want, no big deal though.
has a great seat to watch Linus Torvalds speaking to us. Only 3 rows back.
okay girl!!! It's gonna be a fuckin awesome day!
Yeah, Brandon should have had that, but if that pass is higher and leading him he's got a big gain.
Please, someone make sure I'm in bed by 10pm night.
Angry commenter on my blog: "You're naught a sparkle upon the sea." What does this mean? I'm baffled.
When we die know one knows whats after this so why we here lets make a toast to all this lavish shit!
Wonder if Christian Bale will be downtown Newark tomorrow
GIVE ME A ROLE AND IM DONE WITH THE INTERNET
Indeed. My pants were on fire.
Free Newsboys CD-Christmas Edition :: Pick up at WSC 3rd floor while supplies last.
Anybody playing shows in nyc!?
Was reading Ginsberg's Howl today when it occurred to me that almost every line would fit as a single tweet. One line one breath one tweet.
In 1285 the Statute of Winchester codified police practices. It selected a man from each parish as a constable, and some watchmen.
And now we know why our educations system is starting to fail. Not even smart enough for self-preservation.
that makes 2 of us. unfortunately my break is about to be a trip to the grocery store :'(
75 feels good
bet bet bet
Hi I see you
Not gonna happen!!! I'm coming to WI to help out likely over Memorial Day weekend.
Looking into a WiFi router for my daughter to take to college with her
David Ortiz comes out to Rick Ross, which seems appropriate, while Jarrod Saltalamacchia trolls the crowd with Falco's 'Rock Me Amadeus'
So exactly how well do you know my friend ...
Text me
#WhatILoveMost is cuddling with someone .
I fucking hate having to run to catch the train.
Really great pres by Anne Bahde abt patrons using a Bookeye for scanning in UCSD reading room.Liked her confronting fears framework.
It's the consilience of economics and psychology .
smack a hoe
#daremattg try and lick your butt?:3
Your face
He is so messed up!!
#Nw memphis vs. clippers game
Ask your accountant about donation deductions. Or check out via Google. Good luck!
I write thrillers, horror novels, post-apocalyptic adventures for teens, movie tie-ins, and short stories
Hard mud is called shale. Soft mud is called gooey.
Miami Jackson, Jackson Jones series, Ziggy and Black Dinosaurs, Scraps of Time on Negro Baseball League and Black Cowboys
10 in a row for the Heat....but Dallas and L.A will be the biggest test of the season for Decembers version of that team
maybe i'll tweet today
to survive the torrent, we must take it to the cloud!
wwbed? (What Would Bob Edwards Do?)
yeah I like that mr. sexy conda lol. I finally watched the Boyfriend video ( a week after it came out ) lol
I think DID starts differently for everyone with it, but more research is done that it happens suddenly.
If results stick in Waukesha, it teaches #wisconsin #progressives that we need to generate higher numbers in future elections.
That's great news! Thank you. RT : Really enjoyed exhibit Check it out if you can!
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man. Paulo Coelho
English is, I can't even speak it right haha.
I would pay to see a movie but never a grain of grass! Hahaha
100 years was played at the very end of Graduation today.
I agree!!! I listened to them and annoyed my older sister when I was little :)
This abilify commercial is not a sketch?
Scariest drive home of the year on Neil Ave. RT #Juggalo lineup is only about 10 deep so far. Is the cold scaring them away?
I gotta go to bed early tonight.. Have to be at the vet in the morning with the dogs
You should go! It will be fun! To see Invent? They are AMAZING. I can't compare them to anyone. They are one of my honest favs
#IPayWithTheD. "Do you have a credit card?" -No but here's my dick
Weak minds think alike. : Said same thing. MT : Williams, Vitt told Hargrove to lie. How did Vitt not get full year?
Last night it Lake Powell
It is still raining. Steadily. I LOVE IT. <3
Also, w00t Ms. marvel is now a member of the team in the show. :D
As long as it's not Rodney Hudson, I agree completly.
hey, I thought you were going to post a picture of Mr Wu?
I am still in disbelief!!
Glad you enjoy the show! #GoRabbits RT : We watch, my sons don't miss it!
Skiles is staying?
all I have to say is.. Ron Burgundy
Bitches unite !
everythingg starting to get better :]
Oh I once seen you in Atlanta w/ the rest of AI Season 5 constestant, changed my life forever and can't complain.
Because most companies don't see immediate return in blogging because it takes time and effort. FB takes two seconds.
Anyone taking bets on whether or not Congress will roll Obama much as the Dems did to Jimmy Carter?
Get a manicure at Strange Beauty Show, start at $12 (773) 252 - 9522!
When life gives you lemons... make grape juice. And let the world sit back and wonder how you did it. ;)
What is this fascination with women wearing red lipstick? I'm noticing it a lot these days. Diane Keaton didn't wear it and she was hot.
Health is always first priority
Check it out! is a trendsetter! She began trending #diverocks Follow her lead & tell us why you think #DiveRocks *
hahahhaha spider was a freakin snitch
I go through the day a lot less nervous now that I have that phone interview secured. I am almost nice.
Happy Mothers day.
Where to go for lunch? So many great options but I can never seem to think of them when I am hungry or ready to eat. Dang it!
Hopefully all my followers have been progressive since the last time we spoke
the amazing one
are you being serious?! ;)
it was but I laughed hard af lol RT : It's corny but it is pretty funny
equipment has no issues..stay that way..if I miss the start of Big Bang Theory..there will be issues 2marrow #bazinga!
Heads or tails?
RT : If you missed this, you may be surprised who's included on this list of the world's most ethical companies....
no problem. want me to write the proposal too?
Question-do we change our own style when we're dating new people to accommodate our partner’s style so that we look like a balanced couple?
i whent to the store 1 hour ago!
We, As Human Beings Are The Biggest Threats To Ourselves. It Is In Our Nature. Our DNA. To Be Mean, Evil, & Self-Destructive.
carwash in my driveway! :D
Internet show, 1-25-11, 10-11amPCT. www.Drrosie.com : “A Close look At How Black Men Are Legally Being Separated From Their Children.
YO YO YO... or is that ho ho ho ho... not calling you a ho! ha h aha... hey I just got a place in Japan Town... YAY ME!
Well yes.
Hey #Cleveland! What is your absolute FAVORITE restaurant in the area?
Sure Serve Process Servers is your best option for service of process and serving bank levies & wage garnishments in Sacramento, CA!
Shoutout to for holding it down in the studio tonight!
We're accepting donations for Toys for Tots from Dec.1st-15th, Bring in any new unwrapped toy and recieve a voucher for 15% off any service!
Got lost for the first time...better get used to that! :)
well, one of many reasons.
So just walked out of the fitting room asking my opinion of his outfit...
Dogwood with my Valentine
Redemption had a really nice first day on Amazon, climbing as high as #21 in Gay & Lesbian Romance. Thank you. one and all! *\o/*
Hi how are you?..Yes it's nice to meet me!
Im about to go to footlocker !!!! Before I was my hair hopefully none sees Me nappy headed
Castle rockin it up then on to windsor and fort collins to visit family and friends.
Today I did a total of 72 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups iPhone app. (Week 4, Day 2, Level 1)
"we ended gender discrimination by insurance corps..there was a gender tax!" Why would we go back?
Never in my life did I think I would boo #worldpeace but a #laLakers made it happen
Are you and one and the same? I believe you are. Prove not.
Yep .. I agree The Artist was the best picture this year
I'm not sure about how I feel about guys who do their eyebrows.
Going to see play at the playspace today! Exciting!
All these ugly hoes
They called to tell me that I was going to be returning to RAW
condolences on your loss an congrats on celebrating his life!
thanks for sharing !
Rebasing sans coffee. Probably not my best decision of the day.
H 2 holy S
RT : Question of the Day: Do you think crowdfunding (i.e. Kickstarter) is the future of film projects getting funded?
me to
Lights and electricity out... Laptop's out of juice, too. Perfect timing. :(
you suck eggs
Kristen Wiig guest stars on tonight's Simpsons episode as the new music teacher, tune in at 5!
#mobwives v #rhonj - soo much Guido in the same hour! Sunday night couch bliss
Pretty sure "a stand-up comedian who bills herself as one of tallest women on the planet" is every mother's dream for her son
Just signed up for TweetFunnel! It funnels tweets from multiple users, has editorial control, tweet assigning & more! www.tweetfunnel.com
hey can you dm me an email address? I have something I want to send to you!
Your very selfish
traveling can be exhausting i can't wait to get home
Don't worry, that show's simply awesome!
Senior Vs. Junior basketball game! Seniors better pull this out easily
Carole here...I don't know about you Susan Kim...but I am ready for the weekend.
Sounds like a reasonable time to me lol thats usually when i knock out x_x
now I have that 80's song stuck in my head! 
Missing Spring-area brothers found safe
I wish I could go back to high school
Boohoo i'm not a Lafayette girl #Cheeck !
If you force them, they wont learn. Great post by
I'm bored and browsing through apps?! Any suggestions!?
Absolutely a Patriotic Lunatic! Hope you're watching O'Reilly xtra sanctimonious 2nite! #TalkingPointsThinks!
That's a #Giants TD.
One of my fav episodes of P&T's Fool Us---when Canada's world champion magician Shawn Farquhar really blew them away.. A great TV moment!
Yeah he just needs to be himself. He won't win the fans but he will still get respect for being the best player in the league
keep carrying the flame!
I'm gonna kill myself working every day this week...Saturday get here soon please
thanks for the tweet! Hope you like the app! Have you seen our others?
Well I guess going outside at that moment wasn't the brightest thing in the world
No your siting your fat ass on the computer
Congrats on the picture and autograph.... I guess you know that she got your letter...
fuck this hacker, omg. why hack tho? what has he ever done ? </3
I am getting siked for Super Bowl Sunday.....should be an exciting game
Late night workin. Don't nothin come to a sleeper but a dream.
#quotes I think that only daring speculation can lead us further and not accumulation of facts.
Set your iPhone "free" and see all that it has been missing. The LockInfo app by is HoT!!!
Changing the light bulb on a radio tower?
life is a climb, but the view is better.. hannah montana the movie.. (";)
Tonight's art show's featured artists include Nate Geare and Khalid Hussein from Los Angeles along with Coachella Valley artist, Cyrstofer!
I can't even listen to Everybody Talks anymore because now it reminds me of Jared and Savannah.
; what does what mean? ??
Mayor Bing "Thinks Detroit First"!!!!
vh1 love &Hip hop Miami reality show has been shooting down here this week and weekend shit has been so crazy plus fashion week.
Me ad My Car: A 48-year love affair with his secondhand Chevy
. What? And give up CLI goodness?! I currently use GitX when I feel a need to succumb to the gui & admit defeat
Me but it'll be even better if you did!!! :-) oh I didnt mean to be a nerd but its learning so Id do it lol..
done! Can I get a RT for support/fundraising?
Don't get caught with your roof down. Look before you leak!
follow back please... thank you,,,
Add me on ps3 : suhkcess
I thought the #Pittsburgh Steelers / Baltimore Ravens rivalry was big... nothin compared to
this homeplate ump is killing the rangers this inning. Bad umping again...
Good Morning Everyone! There are only 6 days left to Voice Your Choice! I am encouraging everyone to take advantage of Early Voting. It...
Thanks for your support of my new album "Heaven."
Doesn't it piss you off when you ask someone a question and they don't answer? GRRRRR
Watching "I Survived..." & it's really upsetting... these poor people. :(
I'd like a follow, dear (:
“: Oh, you're Mexican? Tell me how your favorite sport is cross country.”
nice! I recommend Vigeland if you haven't already been. and if there's any snow, the skiing near Holmenkollen is free :)
Touch screens be gettin on my nerves, clickin on sh*t I don't even be hittin -____-
Waiting for my flight w/college kids heading somewhere warm for spring break. I miss the days I didn't have to work for a living.
follow her people she follows back :)
yes you are right again.. how is it you can be right twice in one night!! you are awesome!!
see...it's a good thing you tweet and save your minutes!
Keep Pushin Bro!
I can't wait to hang out with my new bros in
can you call me
How exciting! I hope to attend this year's Philadelphia conference, as I am on the east coast :)
excuses excuses but its alright ill let it slide this time
luckily we don't care if its acceptable!
love to dress up to record vocals. maybe i overdid it today
Doing 3rd mixdown of a demo I made for one of John's songs. This time my lead vocal is on pitch. :)
for encouraging me to eat better as I'm eating carrots and you sit there shoveling CHOCOLATE PIE in your face. love you (:
deflated.... Lakers almost came back and took it :-/
Two lines need to be created at Starbucks, one for people who know what they want, the other for amateurs.
Thanks Anita :)
Had 24hrs off from "Mission: Get In Shape". It involved ice cream, a BLT, Mexican food, beer and no exercise. And I feel amazing.
Yes, in that Coke commercial. RT : Remember how Tyrese started off signing on that bus?
“This Donut-Scented Car Air Freshener will more than pay for itself next time I get pulled over.”
Dane County Exec names Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubes new director of DC emergency management. Begins June 4
I Wanna Get Lost And Never Be Found!
and I miss you... Solution: set up a tour. :)
Oh the looks I just got...smh
Kill her RT : Wearing my Blake griffin 'hope' shirt and some girl asks, "is that kris humphries?" I've never been so offended...
haha i know! 😝
that block was Huge
in the time that the Texans have been in the. NFL the Texans and the hefferboys have won the same amount of playoff games.
Up and getting ready for the first baseball game of the season.
Hey, follow back so I can DM you my info.
We refill CO2 tanks for $3/lb at the shop. But no oxygen, nitrogen or beer gas.
bastards. Trying to twat us apart :)
no voice/txt service near right now, or earlier this evening.
Thank you! I appreciate it. Right now we are all just hoping that they find whoever did it.
yes. are doing a great job with big data. was thinking about the connection between going solo and our maps. 1/2
hey i haven't met you, &this is crazy but heres my twitter,so follow me maybe? ♥
We provide therapy for parents/guardians-When their personal or family issues contribute to the client's problems.
Twitter wasn't working for me yesterday. Looking for the tall, skinny & handsome fella?
oh I found an alternate route. Ima get me some damn oxtail. Sheeeeeiiiiitttt
RT : Seriously #Cleveland....we have to win this. It would be huge for our great city! Please take 2mins and vote!...
Aww mama Joyce!
Tomatillos! RT Sitting at the taco spot "in beans we trust" oh you are a beautiful bizarro & I've missed you
Talking point: Making it easier to adopt children - Gazette Live
#ideas2action do our current policies at GU help lower barriers to participatory culture?
Back to work. Get to it.
Halloween Pub Crawl, this Saturday! Don't miss our 4th stop ! www.calpubcrawl.com
is up to talk about as her #emac capstone.
thank-you.
what do you think?
my boyfriend tkn me out to eat.
and you know something was wrong when you say "i was the only one who showered" ;)
you'd think they would have thought that too when they picked it for sec tournament. Oh well it is what it is.
thanks, John!
Was going to see Lion King in 3D on the September 16 but this girl has better things to do that night. :)
the lawn needs to be mowed. for the first time this year....
Excited to hear speak at #nyu tonight as part of the Reynolds Speaker Series! cc:
Ever seen the show "I almost got away with it" ?!?! STUPID people!!!!!!
Hoping to add 6 new recipes by the end of the week, including the Dunkelweizen we have on tap next door! (It's delicious!)
pfft I've already been in Texas.
Some dude said he was too drunk to walk so he had to drive lol
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
I'm off tomorrow and Friday...
I know!
Awesome midget joined the twitter gang ;D
Second that bet RT Garnishing your wages sounds nice--like you're decorating it with parsley. But I bet it's not nice.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand when people take things up the butt, just because the person forgot to say "just kidding!"
haha you are SO sweet! :) see you soon, and hopefully one day we'll be on a tour like that
hahahaha. i think it's interesting to discuss nutrition because i'm not certain i'm right. i'm always open minded to change
Can't DM you because you are not following me. Here it is for the world to see: ;-)
Bye!!:) breakfast
Neighbors got a new pup named Curly. My pup's name is Lambeau. This could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship ;)
Going to the Night exibit today at WPZ. Hubby wants to tell visitors the zoo is going to grind up the animals into hotdogs after it closes.
I think Arya Stark and Sally Draper should be friends that rule the world.
nothing needs to make sense. feeling is more important.
I am good
If you smell smoke, don't worry, that's just my kitchen on fire.
retweets? I'm lucky to be tweeting......
Houstonians sign up for www.mydailydeals.com and they'll donate $1 to Lucky Dog Rescue (www.luckyrescue.org) for every email address.
What's ur favorite drink to order?
Its raining, its pouring...I am staying warm by drinking !! :)
Titanic 3D was ammaazzing today with Brooke Crouch and (: and #worthit psshh Tyler!
Next live show in 2 weeks: May 4th at ! Arnold's is ALWAYS crazy when the brass come in!
Thanks for the retweets, Marina.
this is a complete change in music o.o
ok, inquiring minds have to know, what in the world is frito pie?
yeah!! That's my girl!! Xoxo
yes i am :) you can follow my personal :) i support them :D
Places I wanna go to : California, Miami Beach, Florida, Monte Carlo, Saint Tropez, Australia, Rome, London and Santorini :)
Deno also probably see the 201-11 team going to the final 4 either, STFU.
well and you?
Doing a 10-day cleanse with Whole Body Cleanse. I highly recommend this brand. Very gentle and great results. Now if I wasn't on deadline!
TWEET ME
As a rookie reporter I recall Chief Ross taking the time to explain things in necessary detail. RIP, sir.
haha its okay :)
This summer will be amazing. (:
We often have strong associations between smell and cleanliness. Orange, lemon, fresh laundry? What smell signifies "clean" to you?
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 13
'Only a small amount of escorts advertising GFE services actually provide "true" GFE' WAN'...ADVICE?? GET FULL PLAY WITH A FULL TIME QUEEN!
Thousands turned out for 's job fair in South LA. Lots of positive comments from people on way out.
“: bring to the ER: 1) Insurance card! 2) Info abt #specialneeds #RBabymoms” & diapers, my daughter is 8 ER never has her size.
but the thing is: my friend just died. i found out today, a few hours ago. maybe i could have helped him, maybe not.
Happy friday, all!
now that I know ur looking at ur mentions, maybe ull give me a follow back. Cause that would be awesome.
Are liberals happy that the auto bailout cost US taxpayers $14 Billion?
Haha... it was a good kind of sad. Completely connected with desire to ensure pet is comfortable even if its more difficult.
I will in like 5 haha
we may be small but we know what we are doing.
that sounds awful and stressful and terrible! feel better!
The Bra.San Diego's Hangover(SDCTA event)bra is held aloft by council member in bed. funny bit. Bra backstory now revealed-digging deep
Would you say 3-4 now as well, or longer?
to funny
It's raining... so I'm watering my grass on Earth day.
Divine: “: Love eating tomatoes when they are fresh off the vine and still hot from the sun.”
This is hilarious! #archivesfilms to bad I'm too brain-dead and busy to think of some of my own!
It's worth noting that, Nothing but #haikumonday, Can satisfy me!
Keep doing it young fella, take care and stay blessed!!!
ur going to be in good company at #aade11 early reg numbers r huge better get set for lots of #Diabetes Educators
Hey Twitter! Show your Label7 <3!
people are seriously really fucking rude. I'm sorry I'm fucking sick and I was thinking of not getting other people sick. Next time >
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: that word is love
OK, i won't reveal much more then. Be prepared for season 4 though...crazy good
just got told i was horrid..
Cruzin' Chula Vista today. Let us know where you work out so we can get you some
": Josh is so gay." I am not gay
- anxiety is just anticipation + fear. Replace the fear with joy, and you have excitement. In theory.
saw that & no way. She's Gotta buy 1 at a place that sells bottoms & tops separate, shop by cup size & underwires
I remember writing a song with like a year ago. We wrote it in a record of like 4 minutes.
Sad, but so glad to see #Pujols continue to struggle, especially against the
mental image: zombies with curly smell lines
Yes!!!Thunder win game 2!!! Holy chimama, thank u i can breathe now
May you days bloom like flowers every day
#IfOnlyAlexKnew how much his smile makes me melt <3
Knowing what’s right doesn’t mean much unless you do what’s right. ~ Theodore Roosevelt RT
climbin the White House! And its all on me
thank you Autumn! Happy New Year!
Bullshit. Got to give a couple of bucks.
“: buh igot this Crazy plan to Just shoot for this modeling. buh its good to have a plan to fall bck on” go for it
HAHA!! that awkward moment when you're laughing aloud in class and get weird looks b/c u read Josh's tweet about honking at "Bryson"
Looking ahead to future "Music Friday's" on my radio show.....there will be QUEEN and there will be Johnny Cash. Journey leading 4 this Fri.
Great job tonight, sorry I couldn't have stayed longer. Too little time in the day!
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: Lee Strobel, Joel Tudor, Greg Waterman, The Black Eyed Peas on video
Ok urhighness, lol I'm at Coco Lounge tonight & New Year's Eve.
Ah! I want to see, I want to see! Penciled in hours to work on your wedding designs this week. Can't wait to share!
truth hurts. But you bought the others so all good for boca and bk. Bombs away!!
Thanks for the FF
don't worry you still my bro and we gotta sled and ice skate over Christmas break
Sorry you're having a good day
Kobe Bryants shot , his smile is so hot !
Congratulations Quintin Mims for booking SONY!! TWO DAYS!! Shouts to INDUSTRY TALENT and MIKE CASEY
Snow all over the ground in the DMV...
Lovin It :D
Always inspiring to spend time with you Thankful for your investment in my life through the work of
We would like to confirm that the Adamouski International art competition is purely non-profit. Thank you to all who are participating!
Even doormats let the "welcome" logo fade.
Which one? lol
not true..they are there to hold out while you are drinking your tea lol
is that crazy or what?
Thanks for recent link-love. Appreciated!
nevermind I found you ;)
If you fall, I fall too.
Inside the NBA on TNT is some of the best television you can find
Not sure if the Bon Iver covers of early 90s Annie Lennox and Bonnie Raitt are aiming for nostalgia, but I am totally falling for it.
thank girl!! Yours is coming up!
Okay, what's going on here? Everything has vanished. What gives?
M, this new song is delicious. :)
Great Looking San Diego Morning - Off to Silver Strand State Beach, Coronado. Sand Dollars and San forts!
Did you know: Frogs can't swallow with their eyes open...
Memorial day weekend. Get ur reservations in now! We are starting to book up!
Trying Ravish on Eastlake next Tuesday! I can't wait!
He has risen!!!! Happy Easter!!!! Had such amazing services at church today, God is SO good! Thanking God for answered prayers! :)
Go see them C'ville, great band RT : On the road to charlottesville! WE'RE BACK!
Baron's free lock of the week -- bet the HOUSE on UNC
Don Wood~ Stupid is forever ignorance can be fixed.
Interesting! RT : Just wanted you to know some x-Picnikers are making a replacement
Redskins whooped dat a$$
Working on vocals with getting them knocked out today... www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
So sad about #MauriceSendak's passing. That guy was a kook, but definitely creative.
as an Oregon fan I have mad respect for you. As an NBA fan I have even more respect for you since you're a clippers fan.
am I annoying you yet ?
That was awesome - great fun & insightful! Thanks so much for joining us - podcast up soon!
burned 397 calories doing 60 minutes of "Walking, 3.0 mph, mod. pace, walking dog"
Thank you! Best whishes for u and your family too. :) Yes you are the first. :)
RT : My pet peeve about college hoops, the phantom offensive foul! RT : Horrible call.
Messi you fucked up big time
Tip: A reliable contractor will work with you to resolve any issues.
Q: What's your New Years Resolution?
Getting ready for the Linkage Fee hearing. Hoping Friday's terrible jobs report weighs heavily on council before increasing this jobs tax!
women do to ma
#icantlivewithout MY COMPUTER!!
hey fluffy vato I kno a place for some bomb azz #Tacos when ur here in #Denver ill buy just hit me up
We are going to have a food tasting at Absolute Results Gym on Jan. 21, 2012 from 2pm-5pm. 3520 Pan American Frwy NE Ste. E.
where is it taking place?
#neverwilliEVER work another double on a Sunday
that's badass lol wear a lot of sun block :)
Oddly, Dawson Co. Principal Bailey Pope says he didn't expect this topic today. There's a packed house here *only* for jobs conversation.
Your A faggot asshole and "you are dumb"--Bryan
You're saving yourself the trouble of arguing & fighting. Its not about winning & losing anymore. It’s about letting go.!!!
RT : All things are difficult before they are easy. - Thomas Fuller
What's sad is that I'm sitting at Sang's house, drinking hard cider, eating sour belts, and playing Angry Birds and Hanging with Friends.
Slow down your 'thinking rate'. We think at 500 words a minute and talk at 150..That is why our minds wander. Stay focused
Great my fever is back
I cleared up my Google Reader subscriptions and already feel liberated! :)
Indian stocks to watch-May 11
I enjoyed watching you as a player and listening to you announce games. what has been ur biggest adjustment to being a coach?
The graduation of frat boys to frat men: when they wear socks with their Sperrys.
awww miss you too tristan! so much. please let's catch up asap!!! got so much to tell you.
5-hr delay (so far) inside plane airlines 416; first it was ATC, now they're installing something. Pilot & crew confused. Horrible.
I think the reason there was so much Devin Harris hype was b/c the Nets no longer had Jason Kidd & the league wanted a draw in NJ.
How do I get post limit on tumblr even when I didn't go on it between 12 last night and 3 today. I've had 4 hours of tumblring & i got it.):
It'd be very hard not to ask Christina to cover herself, although I like her musically. I would probably choose
Archimedes was on his own in the bath.
Mall of America tomorrow!!!!!
We're on board with local #wine! RT Ok, who wants to make a resolution to support local food this year!?
im good and you?
whats up with talk on websites about all star voting already in the majors? they have only played 1/10th of the season....!!
#ImAFreeBitchBaby now for the weekend to begin
isn't it an election year for mayor in Duluth?
#game4 tonight for the #BRUINS - get excited!!!!
And by #mpls, I mean anywhere outside the metro... I know it's too bright there. I'm by Waverly now.
To the Superbowl we go. Go pakeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeers.
lol!!!! U r crazy girl miss ya!!!
Productive day with the IN M0tion team. Daydreams and Nightmares cover photoshoot complete. Can't wait to show you the results.
Hydroplaning for days.
yes, we have the conscious ability to choose but the conscious is governed by the unconscious.Cannot exist without it...
A blunt of kush with 2Pac
I'm working on a presentation about non-auditory effects of #noise and another on early implantation of
I liked it. Nice feature!
Hey Jude don't make it bad...
s/o to new followers :D
lol!...it is kind of scary....you are supposed to be my voice of reason!!
Them crafty over at Do a huge one day sale, then crash the site so nobody buys. Brilliant.
oop! good night.
I guess I've had enough of giving up.. If we all fall like dominooos, never look back never look back!!!
Verizon FIOS fee increasing to $52.99. hm "this rate increase is unrelated to the speed increase we will be implementing."
Welcome to the Spurs, T.J. Can't wait for the season to start! “: SA SA SA SA”
...but how do I pry them out of the ice cream? :) Seriously though, thanks, that's a good idea!
Tough night for the Angels. Still had a nice time with everyone thanks for having us and hope it helps
and the millions of the timothy fans
Bitch I'm tred of you and your little attitudes and episodes.. you gotta get the fuck out.. youll be missed i guess!
PDX find local #auto and affordable #car care with us. we are specializing in the #bestcar sales and will provide you with a free quote.
Got some great pics on my trac-phone of the full moon rising over the ocean, but now have to get a cable to upload them, Boo hiss!
We need everyone to get behind #trayvonmartin and make sure that justice is done
5 in Texas
lol because you were walking past me and i was on line
Nah, I just look like one. RT Ain't you a model?
#cleanintimefirst but What's the move tonite?
- glorious sunshine and delicious burgers!...with deep fried pickles of course!
We're about to hear boss plus chief editors talk with Knesset members
out of alligator?
In wake of CIA thwarting (another) underwear bomber, TSA must be tempted to put out "This is why we have to touch your junk" release.
CuteZine: Cute Products! Hello Kitty Mega Bloks @ the Warehouse ...
We have 1 copy of Voodoo River. Large Print. 93 circs.
I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done.
. if i didn't have to write during lunch at this conference i would definitely meet up with you
sfnfnnsj i havent one in so long
Just got the new cappuccino coolata from dd. I think they made it wrong, is it supposed to taste like asphalt tar?
I'm trying to get back out to San Diego!
legit makes me feel smarter.
remember when we used to play basketball for SJJC 😁🏀😉❤🏀
Living my life drug free
Strangely accusatory, adversarial tone in that Kotz article. Comes off like there's some kind of civil rights struggle at stake.
What would do for a klondike bar? xD
Goodnight twitter world! Off tomorrow so im gonna sleep my ass off!! Talk to yall tomorrow. Sweet dreams everyone! :-)
About to go live with more on Seaus death. I looked at public docs/court records trying to find out what might have led to this
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pizzeria Mozza - Pizza (live updates)
Oh kick some ass also.
I'm ready to go home , gma getting on my nerves!
Nope. You weren't. They're called both. The "pad" is for the ruled writing pads that slip into them.
River Monsters >>>
hell naw we stop so damn much I gotta 20 month old its torture believe me
That's bc everything outside of Thursday is bad. I just think they lose their Thursday lineup for more sitcom is beyond stupid.
Grow up bitches! #basketballwives #suzie u need 2 be stopped, Y are u talking about ur meeting up w/ -
LOOK AT HER BOOTY, IT'S ROTON LOL": Lmaaaooo...You Wanna Put Tht In Me Thts So Nasty"
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?? :)
hahaha Maria this is why I love you!!!
slow going 16oz...just back from my run, I'll make my gallon!
You're just jealous cuz you wanna go.
- Congrats on the improved time!
Paul McCaurtneys blazer costs more than my whole wardrobe
Totally spaced on this. We didn't designate a # tag because we're not that cool. I'll start a grassroots effort to use
you must NOT know bout me
Teenager next to me on the bus is reading the Iliad. I want to geek out and talk to him about it.
Maybe you should get out and push?
Sweet Home Alabama = greatest proposal ever. Patrick Dempsey, PLEASE open Tiffanys especially for me and ask me to marry you. Please!
We threw a party yeah we threw a party.. bitches came over yeah we threw a party
I would call tech support I would there is a easy fix for it. *611
They do??? Lol.. Basing it on overall coverage, attitude, professionalism, insight etc.. But, agree to disagree. :)
u better be kidding..or I was going to have to "work" Friday...!!!!!
hey, check us out :)
love this, thanks Mitch!
aw, I love you, ben! Cant wait for our next reunion - it will be GRAND!
love y'all!
Happy mothers day.
Happy Easter All! Hope everyone has a good one.
Also, scientists often have "journalist regret" and look at me in interviews as though I'm out to uncover a good story, not there to listen.
Rumor has it Facebook Timeline for businesses is launching this week...keep an eye out!
Isn't the difference that one involves booze and the other only the future thought of a drink?
thank you for following back
Alex Desoto if you look in uspa or WABDL those are the federations we pull in
BITCH I'M RIGHT HERE !!
This is really great Mandy! Doc
I'm reading "Back of Beyond" by C.J. Box this weekend.
I was looking for that song !!!! It's my favorite song !!! But I could never find out the name !!! And , AW!
Who could resist the chance to say that? I also repeat to him all cheesy anti-LSU jokes that mom emails me.
Who the hell vacuums at 11:15 at night!?!? <<<<<<
It's National Walking Day! Physical inactivity doubles the risk of #HeartDisease! Find 30 minutes during the day to get out and walk, #SA!
Follow she's perfect <3
Oh, very cool: curtain talker is welcoming visiting actors from the Belfrey Theatre.
You "spearhead" it, I'll back you.
#ICantStandWhen WE GET HOMEWORK OVER THE WEEKEND. THE WEEKEND IS FOR RESTING!!! R-T IF YOU AGREE
RT : You can follow all the news & announcements for 2012 Legal IT Business Show at #LITBS12. Stay tuned for more updates!...
true. I think that's true of LBJ 48 too but that margin is so small it seems like it COULD have been done 'by hand'
Ann Romney thanks Kid Rock. Kid Rock?
I just vomited in my mouth a little. “: #Royals promoted INF Irving Falu over 2B Johnny Giavotella because of versatility.”
sounds like a blast ! have fun!!
#whenitwascoolto wear highschool musical t-shirts.
we have more day this month this year it's leap year!!
You have no idea how annoying you are. I'm def going to punch you in the face next time.
Happy 100th Birthday, New Mexico!!!
OMG!! I READ THAT BOOK ;D IT WAS SOO GOOD!!! I think there were like 2 other parts but i didint read then ;o
No. I wanted to make more. But I've been keeping busy. I got sick off & on over the winter, so I forgot about my VLogs too.
EMBRACE YOUR "YOU" NESS being different is one of the most beautiful things on earth.
We'll be finishing up with recording for our 1st studio EP for release at Saturday. Can't wait to have this done for you all
dude! You were amazing last night!! It was really great meeting ya :)
let the water burn!
I told Mike to word it different, and I dont know if that stock will go up tomorrow, I dont have any material knowledge
I am loving the new Nike NFL uniforms
Guys do not put the hashtag #1DChicagoSigning in more than once, they will count it as spam!
u go girl! U can do it!
American Idol 2012 - Jessica Sanchez will be singing at the US CAPITOL PBS Memorial Day Concert
killed it tonight! Thanks for signing my drivers license
and that is all that matters. is that you learned and dont do it again.
Sunday, a day of rest, relaxation and
Hey ~ good luck today! Remember #cantknockthehustle !
Baltimore Club Remixes
Living vicariously thru and on their nite with Derek Holland in San Francisco.
We are SO ready for June :D
love your prfile. 2nd worst surfer? I've never even tried surfing yet. lol you're braver than I am
#BetterWithDetroit even when isn't touring!!
Georgetown College advances with 26-14 win over Saint Francis.
Sen. Kohl: "We think we're on the cusp of having a darn nice team."
Start of a new day!
see you at the event tomorrow! Shots!
(I'm repeating somebody's words, but I concur) You have a delightful way of 'pulling things out of ppl.' Your chairing was XCLNT
He has inferiority complex. Even if Knicks fail for 100 years they will be #1 here even if the Nets move next block from MSG
you must be lightweight cause that's only two shots
you suck.
wow yeah..pleasure playing with you as always, run it up tomorrow!
5 hours total on hold and I finally have a new flight. See you on 9/2, Sweden
there are people that investigate this ("white blank page daunting") and consider what can be done to intervene
night night
Current statistics from the American Diabetes Association show that 25.8 million children and adults have diabetes.
RT : Meet transgender friends from all over the world. Come on in and join the conversations 24/7 www.tgtalk.com
I love you & u are so right!
Wouldn't it be the worst if some douche decided to play whatever they thought was "tasteful" at your funeral ????
RT : How has your Monday been? Any fun adventures with your pup today?
Hey Joan! So great to see your order come through today. Brought a smile to our faces :) - How are you?
aye g add me on tumblr vansndlevis96
Stop being a drama queen grow up, the world doesn't revolve around you. You're annoying me.
No strength without pain... No success without struggle...
Well after a 20 point beatdown in Rupp tonight now Florida knows why The Big Blue is #1 !!! Vandy you are NEXT !!! GO CATS !!!
No computer all day at work and lots of meetings. Hoping I can finally get my new laptop at work tomorrow...
it's ok to tweet ur lines. rt Filming today on a brand new TV project. Only problem is... woke up w no voice! Oh crap!
...trying to decide which headshots to pick from! Kenneth Dolin gave me a good bit of workable shots there!
I have sparatic lyric syndrom.... I randomly spit lyrics from random songs
Putting my swim suit on and my hoochie shorts and sitting down by the lake with a book!
Exciting! Congrats! :)
l0000l JUST SCREAM, NO DONT TOUCH ME THERE THAT IS MY NO NO SQUARE. THAT WILL SCARE HIM or get the cops involved aha
people are out of line . Fake twitters s/o to the real !!
Thank you. RT : You're not old enough RT : cougar? me? M.I.L.F. maybe....but def no damn cougar.
Vote for us dude! You can vote once a day everyday:)
call me I wanna hear from you
thanks. You seem like a really great person!
FUCK this new sellout copy cat Nicki!
That would be more of an issue for the assembly, since dems are minority in senate
today is so pretty ... to bad I feel like shit./:
I don't think they've hired anyone permanently over there. Good question for
an old lady and her old dog passed me running this morning.
Looking forward to a big weekend in New England with Bestselling Author Thanks to All our New Eng. Distributors much Love!
happy birthday
>>> Wordpress site setup with Theme of your choice from www.elegantthemes.com ($39 value), Google traffic tracking & free blog FOR JUST $127
Happy Mother's DDay!
It's a leather pants leopard shoes hair slicked back kind of day.
Yeah #madonna brought out her black sidekick
Now that's a real voice Taylor Swift.
My dad and I bond via Storage Wars. YUP
Calling the NY Catholic League Championship on MSG VARSITY Tommorrow from Nassau Colisium at 7pm!!!!!!!!!
Thank you all for voting us best of the city!!!! And coming out to see us :)
o-oh i want some mo-ore, o-oh, what are you waiting for??
So, you want to meet me? #CoolStoryBro x
Great success at rehearsal tonight! Oh! and did we mention we have a gig at Martini Tree Bar on Saturday? :) Twitter stutter...
A site where write about Tech news, tutorials,reviews and more.. mostly apple
Starting to rain as guests and nominees arrive for the Beard awards
PSA: It's my first day in shorts for 8 months. If you plan to see me, be certain to have sunglasses nearby.
Bahaha and banter in Italian accents was just the best!!
I LOVE HIM¡ IS SO CUTE, I'LL EAT HIM BY KISSES (;
Let's go thunder!!!
Great session! RT : In the "Front End Performance" session.
too wet down there
Girls on Facebook..."Getting Starbucks with Kristina!"... 2 minutes later... 121 pictures and 5 videos uploaded!
Now let's see if I can find this birthday gift.
if i were the mavs what would i do? id put in brian cardinal and tell him to make the feel the wrath of dallas right now
Two more days until Christmas.
Today's achievemments: two pot pies and split pea soup in the freezer, one clean bathroom, laundry. Grad school starts tomorrow!
Goodnight y'all i love all ma followers MWAH.
Bored anyone on
Having helped more than 10,000 customers, we have the experience and expertise to handle all your plumbing needs.
sure Hope so, if fully recovered
Ray Charles to the bullshit
For a great deal of people, the weekly paycheck is 'take-home pay' simply because home is the only place they could manage to go with it.
Waiting patiently for #Panthers schedule. ... Still say, 10-6 is doable.
Today feels like Saturday.... And my birthday and christmas and a snow day and thunder and derby day and new years eve and spring break.
Library News: Setting up twitter from the library computers!
Bout to say fuck him and do this shot by my self. Slowly breaking bad.
Not having a good day, are we? :-/
Waitin for my friend to come! I kno he mad at me😡
you might want to check that handle…as I'm & those aren't my socks :)
Oh ok sorry, I'm n Miami RT : what state!?
RT I lost a follower :( <<Naw you got one!
One last ride down the race track, and up, up, and away! Carroll Shelby GT, (89)
Owling, the new planking?
'Spring Tree' is back in Phinney Ridge, stocked with toys, dog biscuits; neighbors can 'take something, give something.'...
ANGELS IF YOU DID NOT SEND YOUR EMAILS PLEASE DO SO. ALSO IF YOU DO NOT HAVE A SKYPE ACCOUNT PLEASE SET ONE UP
Yes Anna and i went out and "you know who" came by and talked alot of bulshit :D We are waiting for you!!
Feels good to be back on your feet :) Can't wait til this Summer, it's gon' be live AF!
will we be spending time this summer? Or do you have a shit ton of events?
Uhm sike I'm closer to him rn he's mine ok
the fact that Miranda's bringing like 5 people with her to my game <<<<<<
Hello Everyone, I hope you had a blessed week and blessed weekend!!! Be blessed..
agree! RT : Why are there no adult modern dance classes offered in #RVA???? It's very frustrating.
Trying to play Monopoly with the sibs...except we're not fans of the game. LOL.
Windows Phone offers alternative operating system - LSU The Reveille
You know there is a problem with the education system when you realize that out of the 3 R's only one begins with an R.-- Dennis Miller
talking about #social and collaborative IT. Showing some results from recent study
I'm always craving sushi!
Who would love if me and madison went out?!...nobody
to buy Pinnacle vodka and another brand from White Rock Distilleries Inc. for around $600 million according to sources.
Got home from #skywatching at the #park around midnight.
I'll probably end up watching the finale. I've done that before; miss the whole season, watch the finale. :-)
So will you hit Cali tomorrow? Or Sunday? Inquiring minds want to know!
Have you been enjoying ur #skeeball with ! What do you like most?
Come undone, surrender is stronger. I don't need to be the hero today...its all for one love<3
congrats to for qualifying!!!!!!! Much love!!! #yeshimahugefan <3
blue gatorade forever
looks like you had a successful event. Hope your well!
“: It's kinda chilly out .” word. I'm really cold >.<
follow back ?
ah ok. I thought I missed something lol
Good job honey lol ": I'm trying"
#16andpregnant those bitches need to get slapped
I was just in an Off Broadway Show that took place in Terlingua. Closed on Friday.
Pretty sure my gaydar is spot on when it comes to 3 year olds.
Monday night see u guys ;)
Happy Easter!!! Its Me... ALEXIS TODD.. Follow my page... I WANT 400 MORE FOLLOWERS TO REACH MY GOAL..
DUH! YES! RT : iced coffee yay or nay?
enjoy your day Brittany, make those kiddos spoil you rotten
Breaking: Elton John to perform in #Indianapolis in late-April.
Finally got caught back up with
“: : Tweeps! What do u do when ur xbox360 has that red circle lit up around the power button???” Punt!!!
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I'd make myself an Iron Man!!
We are posting hundreds of end-of-summer and fall pageants! Find pageants to enter...Add your pageant free! www.pageantcenter.com
The tracks I got comin are ALL bangers.
lol guys do lie..
enjoy the family time. Hope you doing well:-)
If you followed us and are still waiting for that coupon code, shoot me a tweet and I'll DM you (buy 2 shirts, get 10bux off)
Is there any bigger joke than BCS Football? #OhioState 's Pryor&5 other 'mates latest suspended for benefits. No playoff system. $$ > edu.
#WI lost more jobs (9700) last month than ANY other state. Hows that #walker reform work en for ya Wake up!
iT NEVER FAiLS...⚠
hi, miss you
You talk shit bout me yet you're worst.
WOOT! New office space secure. Meeting contractors later to bend space to my will.
Send Moore back to A, pronto
Agreed. If they stay healthy they will be dangerous.
Erica's eyebrows looked horrible
You ARE the master :)
The prettiest dresses are worn to be taken off." lmao*
Who Wonts To Hang Before iMove? iNeed To See All My Friends One Last Time (: LIKE "/
Will keep parks closed as long as they need to repair them -- Mayor Adams.
OH: We've never spent so much time in Vegas and done so little of it.
With a new idea... let's see what you think about it! ;)
i heart google patents!!!!
"The future isn't what it used to be...I'm not surprised." ::rogue wave::good morning (the future)::
I'm getting the exact breakout of styles, but can't post until the show airs.
You are the fairest of fair weather fans. Move to Portland already!
If i catch you skypin we gonna be figjtin Got this blade off in my purse and your face I will be slicing
Too bad!
nothing im mad tired lol
Well, he was playing pretty darn deep, but still, argh
You go Sherri Shepherd.
Hope everyone had a wonderful weekend. Closed today, back open tomorrow.
: Nice to meet you! I read historical bios, police procedurals, scifi and just a plain good read!
5.5 magnitude earthquake felt in Mexico City
Everyone has an opinion, just be prepared to defend it
oh snap
Searching the LCNAF and tickled to find authority heading for "Lincoln, Abraham, 1809-1865 (Spirit)"
32 days until Believe. ah. time is going by slow.
“: Feds: Hepatitis C now killing more people than AIDS virus, and most are 45 & older.”
As much as I would love to see it, no way the GOP establishment allows Newt to grab the crown.
Ruffles or takis
When you go feeling amazing, to feeling shit.
But I don't wanna get out of bed yet.
I need a good DJ for July 7th, for a wedding. DM prices. It's urgent.
agree re:code problem solving often necessitates a deeper understanding of the problem, not more time writing the solution
i'm watching avatar the last air bender…oh yah, i,m a grown up.
wow. they banned grinding from all my dances at school. like wtf? ahaha
that look on your face after the story of the over baked mother and child ,was classic!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy♥ please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp ♥ 16
Congratulations on your engagement!
How I love #KetelOne for #happyhour,let me count the ways..1,2,3...oops-floor!;)
Have you customized your Facebook Timeline? Add apps that include your blog, newsletter, products and services. DM me for more information.
A commerical really just started with, "Even bad things happen to good people in Wisconsin too." Really?
that is potentially the coolest thing ive ever seen
you guys Fucking killed it tonight! Thank you.
cuz they are some real slut some stupid ass bitches that got no life but just trying to be cool on live tv
love is soo powerful it blinds u to things directly in ur face take yaself out the box n look from a view tht has no feeling
Q: What should we do to teach students about negotiation and reconciliation?
awh thanks girl (: so are you <3
Come enjoy our Southern Hospitality!!!
The best place to find a boyfriend is in gamestop.
Bagel Bobs killin it right now
Playing century for the 4th time today #leggo!!!!!!!!!!!
i know chad i told that to you.
Africa by Toto is on ... and I couldn't be happier.
you are welcome! I consider you a very special and talented person!
With Woodson's success with the Knicks, my money's on Vinny Del Negro getting canned any minute now. Nate McMillan possible replacement.
How come I always suspect an intervention when I walk into a quiet room
My knowledge not adequate here, but are 's race-based args (housing, Black Rep, civil rights) worth responding to at all?
*wines up*
Workin on da album so I had 2 get da best beats ! Best graphics n best feat! Im a fan of erbody I'm workn wit
Don't fight me just let it happen :)
- Glad I ordered mine last week! Can't wait till it arrives - so excited for this collection!
Well I guess he will never be satisfied ...lol
Amazing furniture designer and artisan, check him out -
Thanks for coming in with the girls!
Brady should never be Mentioned in same sentence with Montana!!! Ever, start comparing ELI! and Welcker got checked by NYDb
My pleasure. New stuff about every week. Much obliged for RTs.
Tell Me How You Feel Baby
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Tomato and Mushroom. Sugar free Lemonade Watermelon Rosemary.
Why would anyone even think about going into debt to go to college? Learn a skilled trade first!
Even with a stuffy nose and can hardly smell anything the #pungent #repulsive smell of these non-Americans on the train manages to prevail
yaaay :D & well thats because you never hit me up :(
Tip for project evaluation: "Doctoral students r always looking for dissertation topics!" -M. Greene, Nicholson Fdn
nyc for a hot minute
We need additional info. in order to further assist you, Could you call Rick at 414-409-7263. Will need info on the car.
You have a special knack for hating on anything I say... a real talent!
Don't drink and drive tonight! A is offering to take your drunk self and your car home FREE tonight! Call 1-800-222-4357 RT to save lives!
same to u!
Awake now. Still sick. I really don't want to go to the doctors but it looks like I might have to.
Train hard to be better then the guy who is training to take your spot...and happens to be 5-10 years younger.
Well... Uh.. Shit. That was unexpected..
Sending tweets via txt message. Do I want this?
Amazing day with the greatest guy I know. Thankful to be in SF with him for the night 💗🍸
lmao hell naww! I just choked laughing!
Of course. Still looking? Have u tweeted Bpd and Wbal etc?
We are going to announce $1000 awarded for breaking event records in marathon and half!
So that means Miley Cyrus' LOL should take in 967.00
I want (or rather need) to go shopping but not sure whether to head to mall in suburbs or battle tourists downtown
that sounds about right!
We're always glad to see fellow Chicago social media enthusiasts! Maybe we'll see you at a tweetup?
Happy Birthday to pro golfer !!
o we will win the next game! Lol Doug is going to coach this team to play D!
Rush to the club cuz I wana get faded.
I wonder if a thought unhindered continues forever like sound unimpeded by obstacles...
"Give me liberty or give me an own goal" --me, being a bad comic, just now
haha love it
Looking to buy a home? Let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy a home in a distressed market www.TheOertelGroup.com
Sometimes i hate being the youngest.
Quote of the day: "Let us dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else can." - Shirley Briggs
since there's nothing to fucking eat i'm just gonna make iced coffee and smoke a few cigarettes. taking after my girl lohan
Loved it 2, couldn't put it dwn RT : RT : Been reading 's book "The Miracle of St. Anthony". I love it
I had just drifted in to a pleasant slumber. Then the hammering, chainsawing, and redneck cursing began outside my window.
uh oh, coffee at 6pm. can't. resist. must. keep. working. :D we!
Conservatives say "think of the children"; mean "I am everyone's parent". Fuck your approval, keep your faux-pious bleating to yourself.
Now that we have big data covered, who is doing gigantic data?
everyone is saying legos glad my kids are to young for this now LOL
#ff, come up from the Springs & have a Ding Dong soon :) RT Ding Dongs ? Can you save me one
A 70s child, I love Ali McGraw for driving the Jaguar "hauling ass," and the running scene at the end in Convoy. What a heroine!
RT : You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. ~Marian Wright Edelman
Nice break over the holiday. But now it's back to work! Shooting a mini doc today; should be fun.
New Change-The Gus Potthoff exhibit moved to Walnut Room-Not Maple. Come meet the artist at 12:15, refreshments will be provided.
I'm going to make a product that contains nothing but promises and future release dates. How much would you pay?
fakin on that mercy remix
Dance moms are crazy.
follow me back please.1
thanks for the RT!
Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.
Chuck was still doing full shows at 75.
It's Thursday, which means it's exactly 1 week from our next Divorce Seminar! Have you RSVP'd?
New single More Than Just a Farm and Love Doesn't Live Here. Y'all should play 'em
Fearing CA Could Be a Dead Zone, Irvine City Council Takes Lead ... OpEdNews .Council motions2 prevent SONGS from becoming Fukushima.
I think Siri should be on the 2012 ballot for President.
*waves* hi Matt! Did you kids eat all the food yet? :)
Rule #5 cause I skipped it, don't get an agent "just to have one" build your resume and go get a good one that will actually get you work.
Me: Are you sick, Dad? Dad: No I just live here.
RT : : "You can spend time making great content for search engines, or you can spend it making great content for people."
I love my buss!!(:
#NP Potty Mouth - Tyga ft. Busta. This song should replace Rack City.
Blast glee ! But listens to warmup music real low!!
Great to see you, too, Franky -- and congrats again on the new gig!
I'm at Hilton if you want to connect after
<--- no doubt you got some serious production/talent!
FANGIRLING TO THE MAX.
Now it's 8 walks for the Giants.
me and think u should have your own show <3
find the light. find it and keep it lit.
How are you? Stay strong, love. <3
Easy there.. Its coming, and will be worth the wait!
2 difficult to meet a classroom of 30's individual needs, but is there not a halfway where teachers and learners can meet?
goodnight. boating in the morning <3 :)
I'm sorta in love with you right now... That pin-up is epic!
manifested hives not 20 minutes into her workday.
You would! Lol
I was thinking to do an Ariana Grande fan site or a Demi Lovato one... which should i do?
Awww thanks so much!! :) No they decided not to do a season 2 :(
Multiple perm spots in Delaware for Java Developers (mid, senior and tech lead levels). Looking for a challenge?
Missing my community tonight. Shall attempt to drown sorrows in massive steak and potato dinner.
the boys are always happy to see you.
"If we can't get rid of skilled workers who are a bad culture fit, we're not being responsible leaders." ~ Paul Spiegelman (via Inc)
Thanks Susan!
Steve Jobs ... R.I.P. your legacy is incredible
it was good, busy! My sis wedding is this weekend and she graduated this past weekend. How was yours?
Oh no, what happened?
Monette Marino Keita is the world's second best Djembe player (second to her husband - a Guinean named Mamady Keita)
The most nominated films are Titanic and All About Eve with 14 each.
Thanks for the #FF! (smiles)
Oh and, i don't know about you guys, but i am obsessed with maroon 5 and wiz khalifa "pay phone!" Great song
Looking for a local Chocolatier to team up with for chocolate and wine classes. Know any?
In Romo's 5 full seasons as a starter, 2 NFC East titles. Zero losing seasons.
oh, hahahaha, I was like wtf!? My coworker suggested I get an aquarium for my new place, I was like "Um, no?"
Surfing uncrowded glassy waves on a warm sunny day puts me at ease and gets my head right. Life is good.
Attention hivemind! MT We're about to get started with U/S Wendy Sherman. Tweet us your ?s about economics in #Africa with
you're on! Staaaaartinnnng now!
RT Watching made. This girls coach is HELLA sexy. -then i saw your icon....
taking deep breaths #balance &
Aww it's gonna be alright!!! Get a good nights rest so you're ready for a fresh start tomorrow:) HUGS!
Hip-hop is dead. Punk is dead. Hardcopy Encyclopedia is dead. There, I said it. WUT??
just watching tv with my little sister:)
Much love to the seniors who graduated today!!
Getting ready for work :p
In Trouble? Need a Bond? At Hollie's Bonding we know "It's Good To Be Free". Ask for Agent Potter 24/7
who's ur worst enemy in wrestling ?????/
Couple from Saturday night's bathroom/slap incident back in tonight. They got a golf clap from me and accolades for rebounding so quickly.
But of course - thanks for the consistently great cause marketing content!
hey lady, what's up w/ that statement? You good?
#Caps game tonight against the #Devils. Hope they can get their streak back up again, unlike the other night...
S/O 2 MY GURLZ "HEISMAN" VIDEO DROPPING 2DAY....B ON THE LUK OUT!!!!THEY GO HARD
Rick Siskey is grateful for the opportunity to help entrepreneurs realize their dreams.
AMC; Great show tonight! 4 more to go!!!
nice in i'm 111, trying to get people in those sections to get together at the bar b4 the game for a drink or shot.
California shakeout time but I didn't feel a thing
Our Happy hour only has 1 hour left.. but fear not! It'll be back up at 9-10pm! A true power hour! $2 off apps and 1/2 off select drinks!
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Enjoy $5 Espolon Tequila Margaritas today on our fiesta menu!
Gotta have Alligator Baby Back Ribs! #5280 week, Round 4! Early dinner tonight at whatcha cooking?
Yes, you're right. Still think they bring Enrique in though after the season. I look at Tito as our "interim" tag.
Try drinking some cool toilet water. That should help
you bet ...and that is the prooblemmm...lol
Who up....call me I'm talking shit tonight. 313-648-5753
SHOUTS OUT TO ONE OF THE BEST FEMALE SINGERS POINT BLACK PERIOD
Detroit Rock City!
#FavoriteNBAMoments Dirk's Mavs winning their first title. I'm #lakergang , but I cried.
The IRS.
NEW BLOG POST "Mike Gamms: Father of The Year?" about why I should never be allowed to have children. www.mikegamms.blogspot.com
Eddie Vedder just hit the stage and just fucked up his song!!!!
Maybe answer to more energy isn't new multi-vitamin; maybe it's new approach to ur business & life, in alignment w true desires.
Shit just blow from bull shit.!!
my bad new number
Congrats to for the launch of your first book on #personalfinance for young adults! A great #graduation gift idea!
Quick Poll: How do you start your morning? Maybe a nice long jog, or a big cup of coffee --> Tell us!
Mis-hears lyrics: Just realized I've been saying "I've got to move my dragon" and not "I've got the mooves like Jagger"
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to the season!
always!! Love U!!!
i don't need no boss, man
#arresteddevelopment You know they don't even have bananas in England, ok, son.
Judging by dachshund duo's begging stance, I think it's safe 2 assume they think I should add tortillas & hummus 2 their diet.
Maybe you are just like every other guy out there...
why can't i read my DM's or see my mentions:-( And I lost another friend today, SMDH!
- Analyze and report issues using standard defect tracking tools
yes! Also "ta ta for now."
In SF Bay Area for 2 weeks. Looking for FT position-Products, IT, Healthcare. Enjoying the CA weather!
Hottest PDX home values? LUXURY! ...looking for your dream home? It's come within reach...www.jenniferbolenpdx.com
Sometimes turning the volume off works wonders ;)
now this is the Justin I know. Full of voices and faces and expressions.
Talking to a friend who manages a business. He said he asks for Facebook passwords before hiring. I've read about this. Getting more common?
OpenEdition is proposing a model for free access to content in HTML with paid access to downloadable content in PDF or ePUB
isn't it pretty? PS: I didn't know you were in ATX! We should meet up!
guess who's doing Kelsey and abbeys make up for prom!! :) hehe ME! 💋
I have bad news for people hungry for veggie chilli tonight and good news for people worried about dressing up for our presentations
#interfaceUF Has anyone studied whether the students who talk in class also tweet frequently during class? Or, different populations?
I had an amazing day yesterday with 39 women entrepreneurs from Latin America and the Caribbean.
Let's all ninja kick this Monday in the face.
our nations capital is a pretty awesome place, huh? God Bless America.
#milbloggies Voting is open! Not nominated this year but so many lovely peeps are! can't wait to go to #milblogcon! Vote for
yea im the with one im almost the with thesecond on. hbu?
eat some McDonalds :)
My mom loves my boyfriend.... My dad thinks he's a great kid.....my step mom thinks he's gay.
GREAT documentary last night..It was amazing learning about the aesthetics that you put into the design of the Dreamliner!!
my pleasure :-)": Shouting to for singing Happy Birthday to me today on the street! I really appreciate it :)"
is who I roll with consistently. YETH!
I know! Makes me want to cry :(
Ashanti~ the woman you love !!!!..
Toronto as a whole is awesome. Great show, great town, great people. Chi-Tels in Ottawa tonight. Let's have some god damn fun!
badassssssss what're you doing out there?
Live Life Reckless
i love it! waves to you through the gray from #westseattle whilst drinking tea instead of coffee
White preachers will fuck your son. Black preachers will fuck your wife. Which would you rather attend?
it wasn't Hughes, why is Raul in the field? Swisher should be in Right!
HEY HITTU. i'm in world g in case you were wondering.
Contact Vince Cavale at 602-438-1001 for more information on sale items or email
im a ten.
follow us to build awareness and educate women around the world
Loved the 30 Rock live show. SO to Donald Glover being on it
Ahh, that's better!
Safely crossed the border back into the US! Awesome experience building a house in El Niño with 26 teens! :)
It'll all be worth it some day
I was crying laughing last night
yeah I know but hopefully it'll happen haha
Need some tools to complete your chores around the house? You are in luck! We have some in the warehouse, get them next week on DealShow!
Tough: Trying to explain the phrase, "counting sheep" to your Filipino spouse.
I cant wait until football season starts! Basketball is also right around the corner
Needs to be worn at a PYP show. Oh wait...
i'm glad you approve. and the roller skates? i loved those.
I need 2 more followers for 1,000... follow me!! :)
"THE" BIG 1070
Somewhere out there might be a girl who finds Disney references endearing, a girl worth fighting for.
our new EP is free to download for about 8 more hours on our Bandcamp page. interstates.bandcamp.com
oh shit. who wants to go to beerfest in ohio
Okay, sounds good. Aha, what you up to?
loved the cut-out Explorer - great to see how safety really works! But I did not seen a Shelby?
Is wrist-slitting an option? RT : In 2012, would you rather be forced to watch a M. Night Shyamalan or a Tim Burton film?
The Countdown to a new, improved and expanded studio is winding down! "Like" this post if you are just as excited as we are!
I will get the ski mask, let's do you me and the bean!
Happy holidays from Latin Beat Magazine to all of our readers! The past 20 years have been a blast!
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures. ~Thornton Wilder
I LIVE MY DREAM . YO LIVE YOU DREAM YES OR NO ? FOLLOW ME PLEASE THK ;)
happy mothers day to the most beautiful person in the world. I'd be completely lost with out you. I love you mommy! ♥
It was a superbly bad idea to get on the 10-E
RT Top Fantasy Defenses for Opposing WRs, RBs and QBs are now updated through Week 13. www.gogameface.com
Cowboys need gruden
#OTRC it is a dream come true for me, too! I had my first film role in
it was so easy, I only had to implement IServiceBehavior, IEndPointBehavior, IOperationBehavior and IOperationInvoker.
Nance says she wants BOD to bring its issues back to so it can respond
Your the Common Denominator....oh oh ohh oh
Westward, ho! Wait, what abt education?! RT : I think it's time to move to California! We love gays and uteruses!
I was afraid it was just me. CAPTCHA can be so irritating.
He'd steal a dead fly from a blind spider.
#teamblack is going all the way!
Just stopped in the new Willis Music in Kenwood, OH. Our new fav local music shop!
According to my uncle, BHI is the northernmost edge of the alligator habitat. He said "sometimes little dogs just disappear". o_O
RT : Remember ? of causality in #fooddeserts: people eat fast food b/c it's in neighborhood, or is it driven by demand?
2K12: the year my sixty-three yr old dad got braces, became a drunkorexic, and stopped answering my phone calls.
#IHateThatFeeling when you start drifting from close friends and then when u try to talk to them it's extremely awkward
hahaha there's the dan i know
Congrats on your Yotes advancing. While I was rooting for Hawks, "Yotes were better all-around team
Aw shucks! Ditto!
pizza and salad bar
It's weird, all my Exes are really nice to me...I wonder if it's because I'm a good guy or because I have photos of them naked?
Nvm..eating somewhere else. Too full..ugh starving!
did the Lodi one close? That sucks. I liked that place.
uh... he's already following me but thanks anyway... love<3
sup? I wanna be a porn star
you are very welcome! Hope others enjoy your pieces too:)
A really good BLT and shared some fries with my daughter (she had her own BLT). :-)
": Shout out to my sister for these cheddar biscuit" from red lobster?
how much did u get?
omg. I never did anything to you! Your just like crazy!
Imagine how it would feel if you were preparing for the most exciting week of your life. What would you be preparing for?
. is showing their awesome 3d printing capabilities at on the 2nd floor
haha I wish I woulda stayed up! But I knocked out when I got home
hahaha i am catholic and still don't understand, which is why i love coatesy
Reporter: My editor sent me to do the burglary. Policeman: You're too late - it's already been done.
Hitting the red carpet tonight at the Laugh Factory for the LA Comedy Awards
I want too!
About to do the same myself! RT: Heading out for the last run of 2011!
#LegoSeriousPlay shared models externalize thought and spark conversation.
Just sayin I love TeenyB now!!
lets find some time in the next month!
Turn it up. Raise it a level.
HAPPY FRIDAY EVERYONE !! Are you headed to the movies tonight? Check out what's playing:...
Down 6 in their place and we playin like booty. Im confident
not enough people know that the 1st white Zin was a mistake - incomplete fermentation.
Kuechly SHOULD be slam dunk Defensive Rookie of the Year. Harrison Smith could have a chance if he starts.
Make the most with our Manager's Saturday Special: 50% OFF all men's sport coats from 10 to 3 PM.
Only thing that's gettinn me through this week is knowing I'll be seeing THE HUNGER GAMES Thursday at midnight with :)
Wish I knew more songs so I could sing along.
I had a dream that my temperature was like 5,129 and i was like "Mom...I think Im sick?!" She said, "Nah, you'll be fine." LMAO
New music on the way haha! Sounds great!
I cleaned up the barf in the kitchen from our lovely roommate and gave bennie a bath.
Waiting for something that hurts me
What is bullying? Teachable moment using multiple media views of the Romney story today.
It is the training tool - hang tight - I've been on the phone with them last night and for nearly 2 hours this morning.
You can close your eyes to the things you do not want to see, but you cannot close your heart to the things you do not want to feel.
Social media successes must be determined by your social media strategy. Doing it any other way assures your failure
RT Senate Ed votes 2-1 against repeal of the La Science Education Act, which critics say allows creationism in schools.
Spent the day focused on thinking positively. It put me in a much better mood.
hahaa thanks girl!! ;) I better see you soon!!
Happy Tuesday, #Lakeview. Stop in today for a quick lunch and learn a little bit about what we're about, we'd love to hear you!
Rangers strike first!
Its a beautiful day in
amen MT If ever does something stupid as adding commercials&showing EDITED films then I'll know the world must have ended
Influenza del cazzo >.<
We will miss Omar for what he's done for all of us this year.
damn riiiigggghhht! \m/
well when you get marxists, anarchists and left-liberals together in a radical movement, disunity is inevitable ;-)
I still play 'In My Mind' by as if it just came out. I love her timeless music
**Myspace Under Construction** Meanwhile check out the music
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! You've been with us over a year!! Thanks for your work!
High fives to for Storage Wars. Can't wait for new season!
I try
thank you for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
It is always wise to respect everyone's humanity--even when a person does not respect himself or herself!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!2
i knw tell me about it lol
not a fan of writing cover letters
No perfecto for James McDonald today. Walked opposing pitcher with 2 outs in 3rd.
Ok yes, awesome job and , the outfit: shoes & top underneath did NOT work not make her mature. Did not work
Don't forget, we are playing a show this Saturday's Abolition Media Benefit Concert. Skrappy's 6:30PM $5 Be there RT RT
May your life be like toilet paper... Long and useful
Mighty macs:)
its great bro, there's an app for everything! How are you liking yours?
Jamie Moyer has now faced 9% of all players who have ever batted in #MLB via
I'm bored
Happy mothers day too all of the moms in the world. Jaja
A redesign might appear around 2012 for both the Navigator and the Ford Expedition, but don't bet on that just yet
so nobody wants to admit they got some booty? -_____- .. coo.
why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk? that would have been my sole reason to buy it.
“: Waking up from my nap <<<” literally just did the same thing aha
just what doctor Cavallaro ordered
Happy Friday!
NAPA will hold instant mentoring Friday in 517a. Come talk with practitioners about careers outside of the academy
can't wait to watch u tonight:) love u all!!! tell bailey i said hi?:) and please follow me<3
I'm confused about how the tech works. How do you do figure out what they took the picture of without QR?
Ahh! A spider just came out of my pants! No joke! D:
Ah! Remembered why I skipped pub trivia tonight. To watch #kidlitchat!
Thank you for your support! Sorry to hear about the ACL. We'll do what we can to keep you engaged while you recuperate.
Smhhh . . I seriousllyyy don't understand anymore ...
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue ": Men are missing from the birth control debate. Why aren’t we
Boating & Water Sports Store » Deals Garmin GPSMAP 740S Radar ...
I'm going to appeal my financial aid award!
Social Networking does work I had an issue with Dell Customer Service Phone agents wouldn't help and I was mad posted it on facebook
If Olly saw that he'd think Santa's face was a dog toy attached to your shirt and would probably attack it.
The expression of life involves the rejection of our natural disposition & preference & simply allowing Christ to operate in us & break us.
i highly doubt would ever follow/rt me, but after all, he did teach us to #neversaynever <3 1
(AWESOME!!! Have a great weekend...
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
Including the Govenor.
Between the Pirates and Batman and Britney Spears, traffic downtown today was darn near at a standstill. Oops, she did it again...
My obsession with office supplies must stop. If you happen to see me in an Office Depot, please ask me to leave
When everyone treats you better because you're sick>
Anyone need to rent-a-date for the #VMAs tomorrow??
I don't think I've ever disliked you as much as I do right now. I'm just starting my finals.
I'm pretty sure that heaven will be this temperature.
#BBW ignorant immature bored bitchs!!!!!! I've never seen anything like this from ppl over 20 years old...
I need my paycheck so I can actually have money
Or maybe some other time. Good god that's a lot of people.
yeah?? I heard i smell funny too! Lol
Huey lewis rocks my world and that's the power of love
Going to get my nails done with the girls!
Proud of my girls! #bhsdance!
Today: 2 schools touring museum, 2 schools meeting survivors. great opportunity for students to learn directly from eyewitnesses.
“: It's snowing downtown! What's it doing in your neighborhood? nothing yet!!!!
Just woke up from an amazing nap <3 i want to do something fun tonight
fuck'n around with that dream like content....
Just got back from FBS09! So many things to work on right now! Can't Sleep! Which 7 Figure Idea to Use First? I AM TAKING MASSIVE ACTION!!!
died in my dreams last nite
Super cute orangutan on the cover of WHY ARE ORANGUTANS ORANGE?
Not sure this counts as a word, but 24/7. Makes my eyes bleed to read it.
Coloring my best friend 's hair. Haha she's one hot bitch.
Today was such a great day for soccer here, then ESPN gave us
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Gin and Juice
I knew I couldn't be the only one. I'm a big supporter of social media, but it's hard when it doesn't work the way it should
love this.
Today's Boot Camp at Noon at Titans Gym Cleveland has been cancelled.
every Sunday night, when Im doing geology homework, i think about Monday that I have to spend 4 hours just looking at rocks......
Do you watch Teen Mom 2? What did you think of the girls last night?
hey guys!! xx
We're having 'real talk,' according to Man just made comment that convo based on 20yo book is misguided.
Bros before hoes...
- thanks so much!!! - I know, it's take some work, but hopefully I'll get it done. Really appreciate the support. Juan
I called her out&she called me fat. I have a special needs son and I take offense.All people are beautiful.
lmfao darren im laughing SO hard right now!!!! not supposed to do what?!
new default ? i think so! haha
Thanks so much for following me! Have a good day!
Public is liking NCSt due to recent strong performance vs UNC. More important factors than 1 recent game IMHO
Why wats wrong?
Haha, I can dig that! I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
that was messed up in a funny way but that's not the same guy we were listening to in the car
Two semesters of Conducting should be a requirement for organ majors.
Nails done #check 💅
Dats what I'm tlkn bout Kobe
I want that jet life no tags
and I love being a little sister
I've been thinking about picking that up because of all the extra cuts and features. Get it on Amazon?
i cant wait to eat some tamales man
Just read the wiki of Supreme Master. Fascinating!
Thanks, and ! I’ve been meaning to do that for a week and just kept forgetting. Thank YOU for listening!
"Oh your dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwich want those left overs too" was witty/funny at first but ive seen it too many times now
Doing anything for the Mayweather fight?
you'd better tell your boy he'd better win on his home track!!
Woke up with your Nikes on - should've trained your pet to get his write on
why we no trend something for the boyz? what do you guise think? :)
Have the afternoon off. Gonna wander over to DC and ask Obama for a beer and a bailout.
Sleeping pills give me some strange dreams... it snowed like crazy!
baby has a rash, possibly from asparagus but possibly from corn. and yay, sunday!
greetings from Memphis. We love your soul.
great joke! Its picture day, we might have to use that to get students smiles!
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. ~ Lou Holtz
Glad to hear that loved one!
Very well said. Had to retweet that one!
Oh ok. So your levels are good...
The only thing better than making money is fast money
Make me proud, Z-Bo.
THANK YOU WHORE!
Last day to get your fashion on at the Dallas Market!
Them good morning text
Not sure how I missed that there's another Fegan working in media, living in Brooklyn.
you know you loved my wink 😘
lol by stop I actually meant keep goin with the #YouWasSexyUntil tweets
he turns the tables up that's the hook right thur!!!
Someone just told me, " Ur way 2 beautiful 2 b listenin 2 music like that no disrespect" as in post-hardcore. Wait, what.
HaPPy New Year!
Oops/correction - and that they (our soldiers) can be home for Christmas)
Seriously. You. Check out the moon.
Right, and questions that come up, what year so and so happened, for instance, are answered in a moment.
Fluke. Although the last time I experienced it was a January in the '80s, so it may be significant as a cosmic event.
lmfao! Yeahh. That was just the mistake of the wrong street
<< Exactly! Don't blink!
haha I love you Trace!!
Oops. Forgot you were 20 now. Whatevs.
and now i just LIKED /sharknife, woo
like seriously in the beginning of the year he made us write down our adress,phone number,email address on a card and give it to hm
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS RIP Jamey
Note to self: hashtag #jokes are not
happened to me...got a new battery and it worked perfectly
I do!! I'm definitely enjoying it! Coming home to visit on Monday... Lil bro is turning 21 next week.
RT : Today in CBB History: Notre Dame ends UCLA's record 88-game win streak in '74. ND scores last 12 pts of game for upset.
but you dont have one
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon - stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
Tanner doesn't know what she's talking about.
follow back and yall was suppose to come down her5e today!
no it isn't. I thought the world of him. Praying for you'll and love you'll
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on
We have to #preserve even items created using #proprietary software. That might mean buying the software.
hey honey!! Glad ur feeling well!
Just started watching 'Archer,' so I guess now I don't have to try crack.
That sounds absolutely amazing Mark!! So will you be going like all over the states for it?
It's my pleasure. Looking forward to your tweets!
thanks for the invite.
I'm leaning toward Dinocalypse Now by or Throne of the Crescent Moon.
get back me. I wanna know more about your situation
Whoa, I just realized that you can add price tags to things on Pinterest!
That's easy. It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small small world
Was about to tell you to discount that batch....too mushy! I'll send you a recipe w/ notes! :)
there is literally no way to win against these people. Dont waste yr breath. "Fuck it Dude, let's go bowling"
I'm so anticlimactic.
Why is George Lucas on the stand in the Zimmerman hearing?
Got the last Shrimp Po Boy from on Flower and 6th tonight... Uh-ma-zing. Without a doubt, best sandwich I've ever had.
nahh that would have been cool though! Btw were like a couple blocks away from you in the city
turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down
My Number One #birthdaywish Is To Still Have My Gf By My Side :* <3
DVR ALERT! WSS is performing “America” on Lifetime during “The Balancing Act” morning show TOMORROW @ 7am EST. Coming to Baltimore April 13!
Hollie Cavanagh on Idol WOW!!! One of the best voices on the show!
yeah haha did you guys get stuck on vortex too? Lol
Makes me wonder if he'd be no. 1 if Jack White didn't release today?
David Bell, sales development & training manager, Houston, TX, performance consulting & training
never let u go
Try having it as a last name! Only good thing I got from my ex husband other than my daughter was a better last name! :-)
<--this is my avi because non-violent cannabis arrests are truly asinine so one could say its a protest of sorts.
you did not follow me, therefore I did not buy tickets to your Coquitlam show. So... Follow me?
re: takeout. No tip unless the tip is for the generally good quality of food and service
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made. Darren L. Johnson
We added to std 1: The info literate student is able to contextualize materials w regard to origin & other details of provenance.
Haha shaq and chuck crack me up!
#porncondomlaw "Its that damn porno that makes our kids have unprotected sex. Not the fact you can actually feel it. Cant be that"
I don't give a shit. I'm about to loathe my timeline thanks to you
this semester is...challenging to say the least. having a hard time balancing personal time, friends, school, and sleep. school is losing.
Listening online.....(:
“: MIGHT HAVE TO GO CHECK OUT JAZZ ON THE AVENUE TONIGHT” I'm hearing it's just plain fun!!!
thanks for the #FF love, sweetie!
Will do. He just defended his dissertation. Yesterday. Cave research sounds awesome. Can't wait to hear more.
NEVER worth my time I feel
Style come with excellence and money make benevolence, Irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
shout out to , the cookout was really nice!
You would have gotten free tuition? At Western you get a 4.0 for the semester, but they were getting that money.
at da studio ...u already kno
#MEDIA: Why should voters trust our vaunted news sources when their duplicity is as obvious as the not-so-subtle-messages on our TV screens?
Why does band go to the beach when they do nothing
We are looking forward for your submission !
Big One...
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
Looking for a Talent Agent in Chicago or Milwaukee. I'm too short for the runway but just the right height for print and commercials
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to alert clients of special purchase opportunities.
Hanging w da
Actually their playing a couple of Etta's tracks. Now tracking with "Trust Me" immediately followed by "Sunday Kind of Love".
"Grown up"?... What? Is that just some lame rationalization of your pathetic lifestyle?
Thanks fellows! If I survive this dip into Twitter and write more useful tests I'll agree with the chainsaw bear bit. :)
Girls that "ALL OF A SUDDEN" are bisexual.... Lmao. Ok.
im tryna write this paper..... so distracted..
Man... I get home early and my dog ate my Dad's Nerf Mjolnir hammer. Climbed up on my table, picked up the hammer and tore it apart. :(
Patron says,'you have to capitalize all the words in the title for this search' yeah,you're the expert,thats why you came to me,idiot!
Fuji Provia 100F disappeared practically overnight... backordered almost everywhere. Man! It's like Y2K at the grocery store all over again.
we will need to have another Fringe discussion after you watch the season finale.
lol ok ain't nun wrong with that
can we hear "cherry blossom pie" and "cherry blossom ice cream". Oh yea! .
#BigFuture is unique as it presents the A-Z of college planning in a simple, engaging way. It's free, student-centered, and authoritative.
tweet me. dm me.
what's the matter?
Every time I turn on the TV, I remember why I don't watch TV.
4 days...... :O where did this week go?
i wish would RT this i would be so #greatful(:
#Galtung's mediation is about transforming the system and offering a new reality, not about simply compromising.
I shud b out da house by now damn
Can not sleep! I hate feeling this way
if i make it out there, i'm totally going with you!
what you up too?x
#IHateThatFeeling when you realize you'll never be with that person
#mommausetosay don't be sticking yo thing in everything that screams
Is she ok? Eyes looked a bit runny. Anime-cat. LOL.
Packing another fashion change over
I can't control it!!!
the word "dismayed" was an interesting choice there...
Thanks for the good times
i dont wanna wake up at 4 though:(
#goodnight ... Nuff said.
Everyday is a great opportunity to make a difference!
Fred Movie . ♥ Aren't I cool ?
Not staying at this school all day.
Thank you for the SO
Thank you for the RT and your continued support of & Hope you have a wonderful holiday!
On vacation! Happy holidays everyone.
A retriever... A lab... A German Shepherd... Ah
Thanks for the follow. now if I could only get you to wear a Twins cap. I will follow back.
The only source of knowledge is experience
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "Ride For Me"... ★
Thanks. Enjoy Endeavour's final lift off Monday.
lololol oh man.
Yes, after the fact. We do have a few twitter feeds as a way to get out news fast (phys library-- Physics News) w/o web editing
Good morning people. In the words of U2, "it's a beautiful day". Wishing you all fantabulous one. :-)
thanks for RT!
not really
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live
Tonight was one of those "hide in the biggest sweatshirt you can find" type of nights. And that would be my XL old school one
If I make millions by Xmas it's a done deal!
Very bizarre, I never lose my keys!
Who let's there 14 and 15 year olds get tattoos? Seriously.
Today's BTU inspiration: "By letting it go it all gets done." ~Lao Tzu
And, no matter who comes, some people will still meet the lineup with disdain.
Look bitch! If u wanna keep staring take a fuckning picture!!
LOL. My sisters are going crazy watching this game.
“: scott hartnell has one of those faces that just begs you to punch it”
How can you be 'overspending' i an 'uncapped year'? Your title sounds dumb as hell...smh
While Dallas was cowering against the tornado sirens my wife and I were obliviously enjoying "21 Jump Street".
great to meet you in person !
WAIT. Which one?!
So my phone just updated andnow its stuck at the android screen
Kansas City We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Tom Terrific: I hate you. What a fantastic season of mostly being in first. good thing you look good in silver.
lmaooooo i know right? he's so adorable, it's great
:) You should make a fan twitter account for him. it would mean a lot to .
i mean hog
Just got home to see my bracket got Folked up while I was gone! Time for side bet action now to try and cover my losses.
The Election Prevention Act is an undemocratic bill that undermines our values.
oh! Thank you!
I made 's lamb meatballs for the game... Delish, but not as good as when she makes them.
Sometimes you gotta say IDGAF, about what ppl think, how they feel or what they're saying! Fu*k em'!
Today I bought a six-foot-tall giraffe. Life is good.
Thanks for saying that perfectly RT :Talking to one person who hates Girls is enough to make you love the show unconditionally
idk I'd get jumped
gotcha. Thanks.
GUYS. I HAVE TO GO TO SCHOOL. :/
It's never too late to become what you might have been. -George Elliot
We made $4,400 at our book sale yesterday. Many thanks to all!
would you dm to me again if i follow
Agreed. Would love to see Mullan score today.
Where is all the bad weather the weather man said was coming nothing here in lake worth but sprinkles
RT : WOW!! Look at that broken nose and bloodied head on Zimmerman ... Oh, wait. Nevermind
Best paper to read to get the information needed!
Here we go again. When Bears got Cutler, everyone started the SB talk. It is already starting with the acquisition of Marshall.
This is life, not heaven. You don't have to be perfect
i wonder if will ever notice us...
I bet Justin Bieber's best musical accomplishment will be providing the soundtrack in hell
I spent some time in ICU with my oldest when she was an infant. I understand completely.
RT : Every time someone says, "Content is king!", a kitten rips the wings off an angel. With its teeth.
The clouds look like the simpsons clouds!
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club (178 Stanton Street L.E.S., NYC)
I would NEVER want a relationship like Sam & Ron's... But I would LOVE a Friendship like Jenni & Snooki's.... !
Wolf_Run thanks for following me on Twitter!
How is it no matter what "zone" I'm in boarding a plane, front or back, I'm always the last person getting off?
The exciting moment when you get a mention notification from twitter only to be let down when you see it's from a spam account :[
Str8LykeDes... Wit de fellas tryna get ova des flu...
hahaha. Well I guess that's good to know! LOL
Going to blue man group rather unexpectedly tonight
I do not consider myself a human......Do not insult my intelligence or being!
We will be extending our Back to School promotion until September 15th due to the delay in the Apple approval process. See www.IEPpal.com
Mark Sholtez is playing Hotel Cafe in Los Angeles on Monday night at 7PM sharp
I like the way u guys roll
I know the story of my last name, yes? Does it mean something to you?
I think it's kind of sad that I'm *SO* excited about working from home today ... am I getting old???
I think your account is hacked, keep getting spam from you
Cant sleep:/ any rushers online?
Good night! RT : Goodnight and and
sorry I texted you back tho
Are you on the DASH diet? We want to talk to you. email .
October 15 masquerade heaven stage!!!
Today's Bulls victory > Today's Cubs victory
Retouching. Retouching. Retouching.
#MyCelebCrushIs do the count😊 yes then them😘
FUCK OF ALREADY. DO YOU NOT KNOW HOW TO LEAVE SOMEONE ALONE?!
Veronica stacked her blocks for the first time today!
Hello to our Eastern WA friends!
omg I'm just gonna sit in my dam fridge ...
no no! A fed coxswain is a happy coxswain! Don't skip meals missy!
A2 Host a poker game. might reveal a few things about each other.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-11
Who lets their daughter cage fight at 16?!?
Looking for source- Insurance coverage for Washington apartment building. Referrals?
Made a reservation for #SDRW at the Wine Vault! and Bistro! A treat for my friend for her first night in San Diego!
Hum choices, choices...Another BHO meaningless,lie-filled speech or FOOTBALL?I know what I'm watching Thursday! SAINTS Vs Packers-go SAINTS!
Just got back from the hospital for my nephews surgery..he is gonna be ok =)
#mangalogix - Hump day is almost over, Friday here we come. Have you tried lowering your cost per acquisition? Call 866.460.6611
The elevator culture in the Ford bldg is MUCH more friendly than the elevator culture in the Guardian bldg. Thoughts?
pussy mouth
I know it's not exactly breaking news, but e-mail is hardly a timesaver.
I'm gonna take my mom out on a date. she deserves it. or maybe my dad's taking her out. :l
is there a word for a troll whom you actually know and interact with regularly? if not i think we need a new word.
by ant chance are you in Houston on Sunday??
Some dumb ass asked me if my tui shirt was for a school. Idk why school has fucking baseball bats an brass knuckles as a mascot
RT : Wow, this Movement to Music class at my aunt's senior center is KICKIN'.
Not only has my sleep schedule changed, but the way I sleep has now changed.
Can't Wait, I am going on Thursday and I think John is going to be a Superb Billy! Looking forward to it! Micci
I love you<3
has 3 followers despite not having tweeted. it is a testament to his awesome power.
Yeah, yeah. :) "I am not a Gadget" and I don't plan to have my face stuck in one for the whole three days of
make me!
WITH Q NICE GUAP GETTAS IS HOW I APPEAR U WOULD SWEAR I FAILED 100 TIMES HOW IM PASSED MY PEERS NIGGGAAAAAAA!!!
"The only time a woman really succeeds in changing a man is when he is a baby." - Natalie Wood
just did hummus
it's adorable! I love it!!!!
Quintus Septimius Tertullianus~ Truth persuades by teaching but does not teach by persuading.
lol no problem
Wish I had a dad like jay z
Always be kind and gentle, for each dawn you can find new hope that someday your dreams will come true
Farted so hard it hurt my asshole.
Don't forget that we have a show on Thursday at skrappys with A Step Ahead. Doors at 6, $7. Make it if you can, it'll mean a lot. :)
Maybe Hal Leonard bought the vote?
LOL!!! New word, graupchy!!! I like it!
Does anybody love my new ICON? :)
Another eventful night in avon
M! Brownies!
That jhonny rockets burger was too good
Good Morning NYC! Nice weather and it's Friday :) Best to all people out there today!
I'm sitting here waiting for his call so it's like when other people call I get a little annoyed..
So excited! As a founding board member for new blended model charter in Indpls, submitted application this week to IN Charter School Board.
congrats Kate. It's gonna be weird not having the den girls around next year!
thanks for following! Saw you are a O Brother fan. I got to see Alison Krauss this past wnkd and they sang Constant Sorrow!
Pitches at swdc10 have been great. But props to the insightful panel as well. Great advice!
Congrats man! :-)
Tweet, tweet. Not sure how much tweeting I'll do as , I do a lot 4 Thanks for the follow & I may catch on 2 it!
Racism, that's the name of the game. And you couldn't escape that if you was David Blane
- Do you have a facebook page?
Sullinger needs to stay another season spend most of season in weight room build his strength before taking NBA leap
ACC home teams can host on Friday of Thanksgiving wknd. So Clemson, GT, etc can play their rivalry game in ACC Friday slot
damn lol Let me lick u up n down lol #freakme RT : Which Silk song/verse gives u tht special feeling or makes u think...
Silence seldom satisfies any questions, but sometimes it's the perfect answer...:-)
i do!
it's just us tonight
thank u lol
I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadow,if I fail if I succeed at least I did as I believe - Whitney Houston RIP we'll miss you
today is my b-day
Best Holiday Vacation Spots in the Swiss Alps
Going too skool
*fingers crossed*
Nowak: Califf is only Union player involved in trade. Union receive a player "and something else."
I know l imma try lol
Gunna go eat my weight in cake now. Deuces
Bout to be sent off to twitter jail-damn wish Johnnie Cochran was still alive....brotha might need em.
Stop by in Morris, 304 Liberty St. 60450 for a free #wine tasting with 5 pm - 8 pm.
Some sort of evil "energy fairy" came and took all of my energy in the night.
I cant stand drama and liars and hypocrites. My head is in the mixer.
how about adding a girl into your guys little hookah bar date?;D
love the glass!!!
BLAZERS!!!!!!!!!!! I love u. Thank u for saving what was left of the almost worst day of my life!!!
sorry I missed it.
i dunno :) well you owe me one in real life cuddle if you're ever by chicago
I should just tell my boss that I can't come into work today. There are beds to lay in and tv's to watch.
The desires that arise in your mind are often clouded by ego motives, which are not true needs.
for this summer?
Had a good day, taking care of loose end. This a little weak and tired still from being sick last week
well I'm glad you didn't ;)
only in Bend :-)
Someone better wake me up tomorrow.
all of his songs are good
You guys, something epic is up on the blog tomorrow!!! ;) This will be worth sharing.
r those books or movies?
Unsophisticated palates: you and me both. Ketchup is still my favorite condiment.
All is good!! Convo w/ my baby.......cple time & holding time. Daddy's home! My life is so amazing!
Disagreed on the Spurs comment. They are beatable. In fact, the Clippers can (and will) beat them.
I should of!
It's possible it's nothing, but the Cubs are likely sellers and the Brewers may be looking to add pieces, so it's worth noting.
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless the look makes when she finds out something shocking
Congratulations to all of our USF graduates! Enjoy the day!
only one in line for devil inside screening at cinemark 17. hope gofobo wasnt typo.
Thanks for all the RTs - bravo to for putting on today's #goodgreatcat event
Blake just thought he was cool by running and jumping into his car with the top down but his foot clipped the side and he ate shit. Hahaha
Why did it have to come to this?!?!? C'mon o state!!!!
#Lakers roll on!
My mom is driving my car; I'm in the passenger seat..Did I buckle up? No. is right; there's something about my car and this seat.
I dnt have time to hate ppl who HATE me, cuz im to damn busy LUVN' EVERYONE who LUVS me in my Life ;) LML!!!
As a trainer educate, listen & learn with your client. It makes all the difference in everyone's outlook and day.
fam can u DM me your email?
tell the mules I said "What's UP!?!" enjoy sxsw!!!. if i keep saying 1 of these years long enough, it'll one day be true
Working on some new WKND designs...and a ill project for mr porter
O'Banion: increasing evidence that contextual instruction works to overhaul dev ed - in WA iBest 9X more likely to graduate.
On the way to my first Nice cool morning for a run.
Here we go - first session of #aam2012 on organizational change. Already thoroughly charmed by Minnesota.
If you get the chance RUN to see the hilariously talented Lauren Weedman in "No, You Shut Up" tomorrow 766-9412
I have bad luck .... I think O_o
I'm watching my idiot neighbor put his trash cans out 3 days too early. Did I mention he's an idiot?
Lmfao Lol O Well We On Twitter Not School
I still don't like you.
#Bulls lost WTF!
wife had surgery. Kidney stones.
Apush review at school! Then studying at starbucks later!
When you get the answer you're looking for hang up.
maybe she had crush on him that wasn't mutual from Disney days?
: #MahoneToLA Concert Details: Show is on June 24, 2012 at The Palladium in LA! Tickets go on sale this Sat, May 19 at Noon!!!!
Congrats on the new apartment! It sounds fabulous.
#Oomf Needs To Text Me NOW!
awww, so cute!
This Nigga Watchin Family Guy N' Junk .
Getting ready for my audition for the NEW "In Living Color" TV show tomorrow!
The Chicago Bulls is hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tomorrow eve at the United Center. Call at: 888-493-0004 to get your tickets!
It's not "stranger danger.” National statistics show 90% of child sexual abuse cases involve someone the child knows and trusts.
Take this Pill, You’ll feel better!
She's got her FB page, her YT channel, and her Google blog, and all her friends, he he he. :D
An amazing night in Twin Falls performing When People Lead. Thank you all for your support and more so sharing your truth after the show!
should have opened with Rock The Belles
Lol I really like you :)
Do you need me to come help you go through your receipts?
I quit last week
RSVP: The Asylum
MILEY BEAUTIFUL ~
cheers!": tonight's Deli Dinner cocktails feature , Santome prosecco"
“: Xavier fans remember to check out for live tweets.”. (for Mrs. Sara!)
Thanks for the support! :)
o lol, awesome. we r never online at the same time lol
#Republican #Vampire #Economics! Tax breaks for the rich and suck the blood from middle class, old and poor. Nonsense! Call them on it!!
I'm having a Wordpress 911!!! Changn themes, site now down. WP is all updated. Need help!
•...is convertible into real estate, land, food or cars at any time.
I love Thursday evenings. Can't wait for #NBC shows tonight!
Whoever.was able to get VIP is really lucky and i would die for that. My mom been tryin to get vip since the presale startin
seat number?
you are not old, and homestar runner was awesome.
It's good, but its no "Boombox".
teaming with is a match from hell. Richpublican propaganda! Saving the rich on backs of poor
Miami losing makes this #Yankees loss easier to handle
Good call, Chris Brown, on the tattooed-on undershirt.
True Moo chocolate Milk > > > >
so sorry to hear that! hang in there!
- ha, that's only a *little* weird!!! just a day jules! :)
Everyone at the office has pitched in a bit of money to get MLBTV. Greatest company ever.
Damn MCA from the Beastie Boys is dead
Late night, headed back to cincy. Listening to the Pat Metheny Group album "Speaking Of Now"
not going to school.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
Hey you're cool and I know ur good :) follow back me please :) thanks a lot :)
Girl Come Down Cuz You Not That Fly
I am the curator of my mind.
lool okay, I'l figure something out! Let me know. I miss Disney World!
Trippin off my nigga and we on that good life
While tempting, I'm going to stay in today to finish a project.
guess i'll recut my undercut or something like that.
Well if the Lakers don't give a damn why should I? I'm going to bed.
I said no such thing!
what would u do as the Grizz GM? Do u package ZBO/Rudy w/ OJ to find star level playmaker or just simply fill needs
no problem. Thanks for the kind words!
Follow Me Please!? 77
Hi Nice article! How do you think such an idea can be successfully implementation?
To hurt our RPI I assume RT : What's the point of BracketBusters for the Valley now? Losing the CAA is a big loss for that event.
Something about how she wanted to look pretty in her pretty dress and show her face, so it would be seen all over the world?
R.E.S.P.E.C.T Plays A BIG Part In Your Life !
haha hell yeah no one's more clutch than Kobe
Romney's basic pitch: Obama has failed, but basically everything he's done I'd have done - or else I have done - too.
yeah or obey of those army trench diggers. :-)
Don't think. Just do.
M. Sweet Freedom. Thanks for the heads up! :)
RT : you coming to bvu lunch & learn tomorrow? --> Sorry. No can do, BIG prospect meeting.
;-) are those the so-called thousand year old eggs ?
Countdown......#9days till
amazing poets
Thanks for following!
Hey everyone...only a couple more days to get your deposit in for the Heartland Worship Institute before the next price increase.
Where do you post proofs that a customer hasn't chosen when you know it's not always the art work that disagrees with the client, perhaps m…
Thanks for the RT!
Fuck you Beethoven. I don't wanna play your shit.
I love the #entertainment business I'm there dude!
Hey I just met you, and this is CRAY-ZE
We're in CHI and roving #AWP. What's good?
if I made a video of me rapping your songs, would you watch it? lmao
It's already in the 40's on my early-morning walk to work. Winter is going to be really hard!
Agreed. However the bowel movements are horrible.
I dont ever wanna leave
Looking for Gameplay programmers with #ps3 experience for the
Sign up for pay by the month car washes in January and they only billed me once... free car wash for life??
Your welcome!!!!:)
People Trend #CastronovosAtAlbiviFriday for (:
Remember after that Yankees game when Ben and LL had a postgame meeting with Bobby V? I think tonight might be one of those nights.
Never interrupt 's nap time.
My mood right now <<<
working on collabs, hit us up if you wanna get on a song!
I know right. Awful.
Don't slow down for the ones that wanna keep you back, keep up with the ones that will push you forward!
gary, you make me blush. What a bromance we have
hit u back in a few
Senator Hann defends his decision to review grants
Good morning twitter!!!! Woke up feeling real great !!!
Moving sucks
I miss seeing you everyday... HateLies<3Trust
Thank you!
Are you celebrating Foursquare Day today? (4/16?) What do you think of this checkin app?
#GOA2011 Show floor just opened for the day. RT : day 2 of Graphics of the Americas
Had some amazing photoshoots today! Excited to post pictures :-)
FINALLY finished my biology project.
Will be in St. Maarten one month from today!
Daddy's money and palace. Daddy was clearly the Sugamomma. Belle got her own.
that's a great photo of the moon! Super zoom lens?
Am a big fan of ! Actors, if you don't already have an account...sign up for one now!
I cannot get enough of Mark Twain right now. I can't believe it took me this long to get into his work!
I will just make the kissy face with my fingers while Brock hums Celine Dion's my heart will go on
I miss #Jeremy #bonnie #caroline and #tyler when will they appear again? =(
Darius is tweeting the same thing from both of his accounts -_- only my pops!
You're killing me here. If you aren't going to jump on this $200 season ticket offer, I have to assume you never will
sign up for what I just tweeted. $50 gift card to Sephora if we get invites!
catching up on the show #LostGirl ...you are amazing on the show.
Thinkin Bout You
Finally sending a belated birthday gift.
Bored af.. Somebody text me
oh hell yes- love it!!!!
I should just mercy kill mine it's so mothballed and neglected.
thanks bud
Ah i love this song!
have no clue, I guess I should find out as well, lol
Prefect conditions for whale watching today, saw 2 this morning and 12 this afternoon. Wow the whole fleet is heading back to Alaska
Da bulls is John lucas team
I can't remember the name but it's authentic mexican right off of Harvard Square.
thanks! lol yeah that would probably be a lot safer for me :)
Thanks, Cathy!
Nike shorts!!
I 3 hour final, in a room with no electricity...
yourweekleydose haha no, that would have been pretty awesome to inherit a beer pong table though.
North Ga Stamped Concrete We Do Patios Pool Decks Driveways Etc Give Us A Call www.ConcreteGeorgia.com Thanks
ALL FANS SHOULD HAVE SIGNATURE :) we can do that! ^^
Now I know what my next read is going to be; sounds like this could be a go-to resource for history bloggers.
you already know. and "extraordinaire" is not an exaggeration.
#BoyfriendBroketheRecord . oh my, im so proud <3 congrats biebs . you deserved it . #followme .
S/o to for being so gawgeous. Follow her! :-)
Even old people bump Adele with the windows down
We will be The Park Bar tomorrow for Bush's acoustic set at 12pm!
goodlookin on the retweet, follow back.
Avatar is on!!
22 more days. :)
There's really no point to this mini graduation were about to have.
My 1000th tweet go to my freaky babies and my baby Damien!!!
first loss by the hands of a Greek.
Thanks - I have not seen you at any Dulles Chamber events. Have you been around lately?
you're supposed to be quoting We Ain't Them! Or one of his other new songs
Happy birthday, ! #goon #Quaker can't come soon enough
Cant stop watching the trash! RT :
You're welcome Julia!
I sometimes wonder why people lie about having sex with people, like who gives a shit really. People been having sex for years...
Lil mans 3rd bday party, wish it was warmer but at least no snow!
So sad I can't go to the Gym because I mess up my legs SMH BACK @ It Monday :)
got back from a long weekend in lenox ma, i would NOT recommend going there on the off season. ew.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. - Arnold H. Glasow
All those looking to sponsor our conference and receive prime advertising hit up my inbox
June Stahl rules!
I never thought anyone would ever make me smile, laugh, and capture my heart as fast as you have <3
indeed give me 10 min
You guys did a great job!
My second audition is today! I'm happy and a bit anxious at the same time, but I know I'm ready!
- alright, cya soon!
Sun and showers today in Kentucky. Nice leap year weather!
Oh that would be horrible to lose your game. I had played two hours and it got deleted.
I hate you!! lol I want that so bad
I think it's just some small animal rustling around in the back yard
From the API team, many thanks to and for a great dinner and evening!
RT : There’s always enough time for the things that truly matter. If the time isn’t there, the thing doesn’t matter
Lawmakers say just three bills left until everything goes to Governor Dayton.. The end of #MNshutdown is in sight!
back at you woman!!! Luv you
Stop by our shop on for an after lunch treat! Magnolia Bay Toffee is sweet, crunchy, and oh-so-delicious!!
Shelby, glad you could make it. My daughter has gluten sensitivity so I appreciate the challenges
i cant believe this my lasy day of school;) it came so fast
at Logan's on sixth street. Come by and chat Selection Sunday with us.
Thanks for the reminder about the water! Always reminding my clients to drink more!
you must have trouble finding pants that fit... With balls that huge, and all...
108 is clear of lamb urine this morning.
RT np: Refused "Shape of Punk to Come" - Lyxzén's screaming makes *my* throat hurt--I still can't make up my mind about this.
renting to most illegal immigrants. (Court challenges have kept the law from taking effect.)
I'm now writing/blogging under 3 different Twitter aliases ; I've become Sybil
Love it when our dev guys just gets shit done! very happy today
I still have a serious crush on janet jackson
what meeting are you at???
Minor Set Back for a Major Come Back !
- Yes. Both so powerful and sexy. You don't find passion like that everyday.
burned 106 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
What makes the perfect finding aid? I don't think we are going to solve it today, but we're sure going to try.
Make Los Cabos at the Legends your pre game, or post game destination tomorrow, when the KC Wizards take on the Columbus Crew!
Lol I guess noot. xD And No! I haven't really :( Lol. AND ZERRAN. MY MOM FOUND MY TWITTER AND SAID SHE MIGHT MAKE ME DELETE IT :'(
I wonder if there will ever be a day that I do not hurt or am not injured... physically. Go frogs.
let me rephrase 👉➡👌
Hi Mike, Yes, I use it when I want to travel light and it's tack sharp! My favorite go-to lens is still the 24-70mm :)
haha i think you have told me that before...
Current interests:
Fight in the shade
I'm. Laughing. Out. Loud. And really want a root beer float now ....
Wow, I've seen more bigotry in the last few hours than I've seen in months.
Ur welcome! ": thanks a ton for the card for cooper that was really nice. Catch you at the track!"
Thanks. Good luck on your 10x app!
Aw yea! =) RT : had a great time playing in Vegas can't wait 2 comeback!
MUCH, MUCH better job by the crowd tonight. By far the loudest it has been in here.
Just butchered my face with a dull razor...ow
Dang we having power outages
“: Call Me Crazy but I #loved points too much to miss free throws lmao I wanted to shoot every tech...” - lol we kno
Q: Can u follow me plz plz plzzz im beggin for murcy haah anyway I luv u and i never been to any of ur concerts and Peace&Luv<3
heyy there stranger how have you been?
Im so leavin this house
some of these girls i talk to are very wierd
Reading "The Blessing of Declaring 'Never Again!'".
Is becoming a rapper/DJ a white kid Canisius College things, or are white suburbanites everywhere trying to make it big?
Celebrate President's Day by enjoying some ice cream with us!
it's a daily must
we must hang out :)
For Food Allergy Awareness Week we're chatting w Join in 1hr:
yeah, the cartoon is funny!
Washington Redskins 13 Carolina Panthers 23 End Of 3rd #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
B/W came out like 2 wks before the 3DS. That's a license to print money that they willingly passed on.
(which aren't mine, I think you know) and a couple of fish. (: and then this new lynx.
Ahh,Only 4 more years until College.
LOVED the Killers cover tonight on by #TeamCeeLo & #TeamAdam. Still don't know who my fave is but they were all great!
From my office overlooking I-465, just saw a Books-A-Million semi go by. You go, BAM!
Indiana ain't no easy team to beat. So y'all might as well stop sayin that.
Can't help you there, I'm afraid. Nothing turned up in an Amazon search.
Lol I guess SOME girls ;) RT : ...chicks claim they won't give him the time of day but $50 million make a girl do strange 'ish
did that just happen?...... oh my gosh.
Go big or go home!!!
Just three more days of Dance Is The Answer. Lots of free classes and performances still to come. hwww.danceistheanswer.org/when.htm
one down, a million left :)
It’s time to toss the Frisbee. Who’s with me?
Headed to Sunset Lounge to add some color to the party.
Luna park with my sister! :)
Don't forget... Stock up on BUENO® Grandma's® Tortillas at your local John Brooks - 4 for $5 through April 14th!
aye ghurl u need a real man?(;
Or are your tweets by SethMacFarlane? LOL!
We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower this weekend. What's the most important thing you learned from your mother?
Thanks for the support! RT : new hat. delicious food. Love supporting locals.
Time for bed. I have a festival to work in the morning.
With no closer the Yankees season is done. Get better Mariano Rivera
I assumed it was female-to-male so hard that I couldn't even understand your tweet for a min.
thanks lovely.
15 hour day, amazing, dedicated, hard working cast and crew. First music video wrapped. Could not be more pleased!
#Romney waiting to have final speech. He's like the fat kid that needs the last piece of cake.
R.I.P Dick Clark
writing new musickz?
Hey everyone. Don't forget to wear Purple today, October 20 for Spirit Day
so u single
very nice!
RT : Repping my purple and black for the #rockies baseball game with all the girls today! :-)
Going through a hard time right now.. And I feel like I have no one to talk too :/
Congratulations to U-17 US Women's National Team for punching their ticket, with a 3-0 victory over Panama, to the U-17 Women's World Cup!
Thanks! Enjoyed your recent article on NY Startups. Best of luck with
Also, you'd probably like to request to be of the legal drinking age. DD + Beer = Love
At the most we may only have 1player from last year's team, so they don't have much memory about our performance in that championship game.
u are too funny..I see that u like to take care of ur cute face..lol are u on yahoo?
it's in columns by MT "Hey, isn't Francona writing a book with Shaughnessy? Shouldn't that be mentioned...?"
Halfway to #erl12... I'd forgotten how much I dislike big, busy airports
Well if you guys are having another beer, then I guess I'll have one too.
Who let the Bobcats wear the Lakers jerseys and come out here tonight?
The Berquam anti-Mifflin video is no longer available on YouTube
Long b4 a teacher is blamed leadership on all levels need to be examined. Want edu to work 4 every will take leadership
Read someone retweet from out loud & my sister thought i was just randomly looking up facts about vagina's.
Ole! May is national salsa month. Here's a toughie: What's your favorite local Mexican joint? Are you team Allende or Frontera Grill?
Cant wait for The NBA Playoffs This SAturday and Kell Pavlik vs Sergio Martinez this Saturday
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
wish my hut niggas was wit me!!SOUNDCLASH!!
goodnight lovely ^_•
FB FRIENDS!!! I want to send Christmas cards to every one of you! Message me a mailing address if I don't have it or if you have moved!
#SHOUTOUT VOTE OUT LAWYERS IN CONGRESS
Junior Seau, MCA, and now Donna Summer completes the "they always die in threes" rule
Happy Friday to every one
To be at peace with ourselves we need to know ourselves.
is at Zanzibar Brews finishing his Psycholinguistics final.
I've been dreaming of this show all day!
Thurs 2/9 will be conducting a few fan interviews at 730pm w/ Col. Bruce for an upcoming DVD about #WSP WoodTour
OK, BREAKING: Standard & Poor's has also downgraded the SDUSD credit rating to AA-minus. The outlook for the district is negative.
My bitch so fuckin' right Every night I fuck her twicee
>>>Kids doing the day of silence
congrats, that's awesome! Definite perk of the job :)
Since you never hand off with the ball two inches from the ground, that wasn't much of a fake.
Monsters of the Midway are back. 2 TAINTs on Stafford, vicious hits, great day to be a #Bears fan.
Come to any GRIND and help support Make A Wish Foundation stating Nov 07 to Nov 11.
hard work paid off!! Very well deserving of a celebration! #zagalums!
A bird doesn't sing because it has an answer, it sings because it has a song.--Maya Angelou
Have friend staying with me as she finishes her dissertation. I'm a good buddy to have, as someone approaches the finish line.
CEO Kathleen Feely "We have to organize our technology so that we don't need to duplicate work."
May the odds be ever in your favor!
These Broads <<<<
Oh we went to Kramersbook place..It has a restaurant.We had a fantastic time..which one is this Thai restaurant? which street?
Kentucky bound! (:
it was great to meet you last night; you're pretty funny. I really liked your "it starts at ingestion" joke :-)
#SometimesItSeemsLike you can never finish your work.
please move back to KC. :)
im ready! Haha i have one, skype is biznass.
a gift of dicking down woman is also a curse cause u can't get them to leave u alone.
yeah into a house with a hot tub yo!
In addition to the FOE and its cross-branding venture with NASCAR, The Iron Eagle will be working with Fueled by the Fallen.
where the hoes at
It feels like rain is coming.
thanks for following us!
coat and demeanor down and I'm sure she would be smoking an extra long fancy cigarette if she could.
happy birthday to the best cousin
welcomes follower They have a nice warmup app for us vocalists. Nice!
Co-workers: It's really quite unnecessary to leave a 54 second VM, when I'm just going to delete it without listening.
Congratulations on the funding. We're incredibly excited to see what the future holds for you. Best of luck!
Yes, but text vs tweet. Basically I often don't bother getting it when I can just tweet / DM the person.
You better be singing up there, show the angels what you've got!
Self-OH: "WORDS ARE TRICKY LITTLE BASTARDS. They don't like playing nice with each other."
what periods do we have today?
It's called a bio, NOT a brag box.
Maintenance Tip from our Service Manager: Your Air Conditioning Unit will not work if the temperature outside is below 65 degrees.
Old people at iHOP in the morning are the best.
I never said a word about your license. ;)
Good judgement comes from experience and experience comes from bad judgment! Be Thxful for commonsense! —DJ Hapy Thx Giv'n
Scream ( Shut THE FUCKup ) we dont like YOU ! JESUS CHRIST ... GTFO PANDA EXPRESS LOOKIN BITCH
Never mind homework time
I would keep it anonymous. Especially if this is something you plan to study or if you plan to get IRB approval for 1 day.
RT : Go the extra mile. It's never crowded.
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it
what? So cute.
Yes my 1st block was absent I hope my 2nd is to :-)
Success is the best revenge!
#comcast out last night. Now #xcel power out in my area in St. Paul tonight.
I´m in school...in class my friend was going to hurt the teacher, but when she looked back he got scared, and he fell... HAHAHAHA
loving doctor stalker already bought it on itunes and ive been listening to it all day!! I <3 U
It's not you, it's me. God those words fucking kill me.
is going to finals "whoop whoop oh yeah, thats right, thats right!" Hahahaha
Writing a list of all the crazy stuff we need to do before we die :)
Finding myself RTing a lot lately. Maybe he could take over my twitter for a day like did for
Congrats on the #Castle gig. Love the show & is super lovely. And let's face it, is easy on the eyes.
Go to skate? Nah, I sat inside today!
what the fuck u think I'm trying to do lol
Realized that class started ten minutes earlier than I thought. Yup, definitely in
Did I seriously just miss a pre-sale......ERGH!!! 10am Friday can not get here fast enough!!
NF the rapper that randomly started rapping near her house in humboldt park
just a plain pink dress from forever
Who is excited for ustream later?!? :D
Thanks for that follow friend
nice enjoy! Have some oysters for me
Swag doesn't involve being an asshole to girls. [S]he [W]ants [A] [G]entlemen
Today I saw a woman attempting to push a huge piano up some stairs - no Three Stooges, just one fucking idiot.
Do it. Balki commands it.
no way
Commission public input hearing starts in San Jose.
oh to do the things my heart desires. It will take time it will take time, and maybe a fire lit up my ass.
RT: "Among all medicines, there are none with the #healing powers of #love." Masaru Emoto
Melting.. could be taken literally or figuratively at this point
yes im sure
Looks enlightening..thanks again.
no lol I miss ya
LaMarcus Aldridge is probable tonight vs. Minn. with a sprained left elbow. Joel Przybilla is doubtful with a sprained right knee.
i jus wanna lay in bed and do nothng ,
Tell us you have a eucalyptus margarita, and we'll see if we can find a koala for you too. ;)
RT: Everything happens for a reason
Chinese is such a beautiful language! I love to read Chinese poems because you can interpret them in so many ways.
Has anyone used the #Olay Prox Cleansing System - If so, how does it compare to the #Clarisonic?
Thank you, !
Sold out for the night! See y'all tomorrow!
i get ya. i had low esteem & no one to motivate me. so workin toward bach at some point? i'll be cont. my bach soon. they...
i finished all my work so HA 😁
hey #VINTAGE luvbug did u receive ur purse
that's sort of cool.
if I remember correctly I get to hang out at the Box Jelly for free for a couple of months, so maybe I see you all there :)
how...and you don't even know me...it wouldn't matter...I would jus be 1 less person the govt is killin off...
It should be others too.
RT if ur a single girl...... (just wonding how many singles are out their haha)
TOMORROW! TEEN NIGHT AT CLUB FUEGO! ITS GONNA BE HUGE!! 98.5 THE BEAT BROADCASTING LIVE AND DJ PRODIGY MIXING!
I wanna open a hands on science museum, then put "dont touch" signs on every display
I love windmills.
Yeah, I order an old fashioned for the cherry.
Stretching always soothes the soul.
Starting my morning with some #heartofthecity and #knockedmeout :)
So…I don't know, but neither does anyone else, either. Until they do…it's not a viable option.
Yeah! That would've been an awesome saber fight between all of them.
Brahms Symphony No. 3 all week to get me through 3 papers. The reward will be performance next weekend.
purple because penguins cant fly RT : RT : If I have 5 apples and Jamal takes 3, what color is Jamal?
=Off to the racetrack in Canton :-).
Dwayne has the hiccups.
Thanks Walter. That's so nice of you to say. Tune in at ten.
what do you know about the Wendigo?
Just finished While Mortals Sleep... I miss KV! RT Take Care of the People, and God Almighty Will Take Care of Himself.
Thanks for the snippets! Working like a charm.
the one that hit yu with the ball?
that's the worst! hope it comes down soon!
RT : Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends =0) <--thanks and likewise!
At first glance, I thought the Robert had morphed into RT So which of the Bella Twins was the Marty Jannetty?
RT : has endorsed Prop 420 because of historic ties between the Cubs and Mesa and commitment to Cactus L. exhibit.
its all blurry! haha franklins living the high life though.
H-O-T again today. My pate brisee is very soft. Let's hope it will stick together long enough to roll out!
gergen in 1972 tasked with writing resignation letter for nixon: "uh, who does the president resign to?".. boss' response: "figure it out!"
thanks for coming Shelley!
Jason Bourne style I imagine!
#SocialMediaTip be very flexible with seeing people
Congrats on being Cityview's Best Local Men's Clothing Store!!!
i don't owe you shit,bitch leave me alone. i'm going big,suck my dick.too many niggas,not enough hoes & some of you niggas acting like hoes.
This truetwit validation stuff is a pain.
#occupylifetime needs to be
wtf. well thats fantastic. me- mom i made a 97 on my test mom-WTF
Marine Mammal Mania is going on now at ! 4/20-22 features our favorite, Harbor Seals! Head down for an afternoon of fun :)
Any man that eats regularly at Tender Greens probably has a tender asshole from being fucked in it.
can this get any worse?
RT Last day to RT to win Eternal Tango gala tix ($600 value) w/ YUMMY! bites by us!
yes the first ones but I fell off my youtube game,myself <3 ur makeup looks in ur birthday pics, get it! r going back to the A?
Every time i close my eyes, it's like a dark paradise.
Save the Plunge! Contact your SD city councilmembers to urge negotiations with leaseholder.
Listening To Kid Ink
I just cut my finger with a knife... >.< it hurts.. Besides that it was a good day(: mostly...
you should totally buy jessica a flamingo or two for a housewarming present. lmao
Playing a show tomorrow.
- Glad you'll be playing #TrendsTues !! will follow soon, on a follow limit :( sorry doll! Xox
pray for me please im really really sick :(
Has the internet finally become a political constituency? If so, its about time.
RT : "Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought." ~ Jonathan Swift...
Arias rolls one thru the 3.5 hole and Giants are on the board, 3-1 with runners on 1st and 2nd, still nobody down
looking forward to it
Know your danger zones and avoid them.
Can I add a item menu on my android phone?
Life is just a bitch but you know you gotta love her
That is wonderful congratulations
- I'm thinking more so #StanleyTools sponsoring a "Stanley Cup Trophy Tour, etc" - not actually brand the Cup
Happy Late Tanning Mothers' Day. May your skin be doo-doo brown and feel like leather.
Doing promotions at Club Cinci's in East Atlanta..... Nice turn out, thanks to Xtamina Energy Drink fans from twitter.com for coming out!!!
Aww Alex I like you so much right now. Omg.
Working on another very sad case involving rape/molestation of a minor by church minister. Unbelievable!
Lol! RT ": If Boosie was found not guilty, does that mean we get more features where he spells a bunch of random nonsense?"
Its my B-day Please follow me and my 2 friends & :)
is probably on the beach in Maui at the four seasons on Mrs so and so's tab.
I'm caught up on winners at #NYCSWMG I LOVE
right on! Ahaha
Throwing up rules
Joey Votto=Clutch
The only reason I got a yearbook was so that I could get TBHs on paper..
so u thought that pie u just bought at a farmers mkt was inspected by the state? Neither did I, leave them alone.
the colder weather is what I am referring to! Bring it on!
Just met #Team365. Very interesting...
I hate when ppl pick you over Someone else like really grow up
it's really cold. Not snowing today but it did a few days ago. I'm so ready for summer
and what are those expectations grounded in? You is a clipper fan after all lol 😝
what's confusing?
I don't care what you say - the hardest workers in LA are the Liberty sign twirlers! They're on every corner...
#Leo MB guy of the day: Ray Ray
Bejeweled should know when I'm intoxicated and handicap my score.
I really enjoyed that episode
please follow back. I am new to twitter.
Watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
I wish I'd never lost you. I wish I hadn't ever stopped trying. Most of all I wish I'd never left for college.
“: Lamar Odom always sad” I would be to if I was married to shrek
whats on the agenda:New Strategies in Alternative Investments
I just used that story in class the other day. I like that they reported it with the psychology angle.
3 years ago it was what? why is it different? why are you giving me this case?
It's all fine and dandy until you realize you have class in the morning...
but isn't that illegal?
You don't have iMessage?
Corona fer days
Absolutely. It's such a shame that so much of the album's brilliance was so overshadowed by everything else she was doing.
thanks that the best advice I've been given by anyone could u hit my inbox with your math if u have time 4 me to HOLLA
Oh but its only life.! I just came to let you know.!
Aw :) Just don't get involved in any sports scandals or I'll hafta interview u lol RT : #SomeoneIWantToMeet ! In time
Magnet schools w/shady admissions procedures, poorer kids looked over b/c parents couldn't afford to bling up science fair projects, etc.
We are a full service print shop. . Local.
DS: bo!! And screw his son, i want to see Peter suffer. RT : 1
Great job, Sandra!
Excited to hear that one of our Board members, , is a panelist at - Feb 4th!
quite possible. Going down like water so far
My dog is so sweet . He has layed in bed next to me AL day cause i dont feel good.<3 hes a keeper(;
I wish it was "hump" day :)
Oh hell, I'm surrounded by idiots now. We're just not graded alongside them. Much.
Fall on your face walking up the stairs
i keep forgetting graduation is so close...
So happy for Hillary Duff she is going to be a great mother! #MuchLove ♥
ah, man . Same here. I just think your rude to me!
GreenRope and snacks make for a fun Thursday! “: Learning more about ”
I have special needs 5 year old twins. so I never get to stay on twitter as long as I'd like. in fact, gotta run! :)
how is she? Getting better I hope
i am there as styledelights
I think I 'undersold' my research skills with the verbiage i chose (1st round of business cards)
is looking for new producers to be in house producer of interested contact 601-906-9185 or sodamnprettyent
He doesn't want out, get your facts straight. He said he doesn't like moving to 3rd, but he's going to do it anyway.
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest s**t ever
So what's your opinion? Who is going to make the final four on #TheVoice?
It’s National Volunteer Week! Last year, Prevent Blindness America volunteers across the country screened over 2.2 million children and ...
hahaha yes it is. Hello twitter world! Let the fun begin
Q. Why did the belt go to jail?A. Because he held up a pair of pants!
No I am not Ehud and you know that. I am just someone who see BOTH sides of the conflict. What I said is completely true.
check out our website & see what else we can do for your next event!!! www.MOMENTUMCLEVELAND.com
HAITIAN FRESH!!
Why is Tony Lucca on ? You're better than this!!
OH: "Is Facebook broken?"
brother stay focused you look great at the Arnold
I am much too nice for my own good. Goodness, I should have seen this one coming.
RT : Congrats 2 our chapter 4 winning Overall Excellence n Leadership & Programming from National's Chapter Excellence Awards!
I know i spelled his name wrong haha my bad!
Make sure you do your research and never accept the first offer you receive
And she told me she loved me, and she gave me my money back
im chilling in terget :)
Shooting with tonight!
Yeah!! We saw that last week. That kid's my hero!
haha jeremy tyler blocked you?
It wasn't a white VW Westfalia was it? If so, sorry!
Madilyn Bailey is performing? That's awesome!! #MadilynBaileyROCKS!
Fantasy notes for May 1 - ESPN
liking someone that barely knows you exist. <
Great job playing Snooki. -
I think the UC crowd is quiet because they're refraining from booing.
Will we ever see a natural dunk started from the 3 point line in our lifetime?
I hope you win King of the Web!!!!!!! Your videos are amazing you totally deserve to win!
My Dad Always Thinkk He Right . -,-. Stfu . Dont Argue w/ Me , You'll NEVER WIN !
That seems drastic! There's always a place for sarcasm and irony!
Copyright issues for the arts community, lesson: consult a lawyer
According to Guinness World Records, the current world recorder holder for the longest hair is Xie Qiuping. Her hair measures 18 ft 5.54 in!
SAME OL DIFFERENT TOILET..HOWS THE MUSIC COMING?
Excited for the #solosummer, starting with lunch @ restaurant by myself during the workday, enjoying my free birthday meal and a good book!
Just a loss, the Brewers are 20-4 and still 4 1/2 games up in the AL East. Big deal?
we love you always looking out for the fans thats whats up
Come get hydrated with ZICO at the manhattan beach pier! Grab a sample and beat the heat!
happy birthday
Is there a better workout than in the park? I'm fit in my 40s, been working out for three decades and I don't know of a better one
So I thought I could tweet while caring for four...not so. Great day of baseball, one kid fulfilled a personal quest, one lost a heartbreakr
They charge for "unattached" elastic IPs
“: doing the KU Clap on the tonight to pay off his bet was awesome” you're such a KU fan
haha it's all the same ish.
cool yeah hear good things about the 624s....only complaint I've heard is w bass response.
RT Understand who you're trying to reach before you build a brand presence #SMCDallas #DFWSEM / So important!
What to do tonight.....
I will be in the lobby of the Hyatt at Bar333 (wearing a scarf), so I think it is time for a #blend12 #tweetup before dinner ;)
I'm here to keep an eye on
I have a heart that will never be tamed
DISA is doing amazing things w mobile devices
All your tweets say my name :)
Sweet! Can't wait!!
#ThingsIDislike Yogurt and Cats, except for Hello Kitty
Defiantly still listening to the great, only-72-hours-old PJ Harvey album, despite the new Radiohead album surprise dropping this morning.
Personal Trainers in #Miami? Contact me.
I love cherry jolly ranchers!
‘Henning-Showkeir& Associates’highly interactiveworkshops are designed to stimulate thinking,teachcore concepts and practicecritical skills.
Hey bro. That chick has a nice toilet.
So tired ! I don't know why :(
I'll be out in early september! sparkles.
Volunteering today! Art In The Park here I come! :)
im lost but okay.
loved #zombie wish i could be one in a movie with woody!!
cus you got that one thing
ff For on-the-ground practical advice for Gen Y'ers in the nonprofit world. Plus, they have style.
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
im talkn bout leave & go home lol
Oh oh oh oh oh oh
Sick of this shit,like seriously /:
My sister's excuse for not letting me use her pants "You're going to make me look flat from my butt" ~.~
r u checking it twice? :)
Dear Pandora, Why must you sneak Journey into every playlist I make?
If you're eating a football shaped cakepop today in the DMV its probably from us!
Hey, dm me your number again. I deleted it by mistake
Watching that peyton manning presser was like watching a reluctant couple break up on live TV.
Happiness is Five Guys Burgers.
Have you ever seen the invisible man? No? Me either.
HEY MIKE SHOUT OUT SENT U A DM!!!!!!!
I had the magic #Sombreros but I couldn't 'click' it! HELOOO
"people are stupid, especially teachers." lol, charley they've taught you everything you know, so.
haha thanks, I guess that was a compliment, haha :D
You gotta be fucking kidding. Donna Summer and Chuch Brown die in same day?? No one talk to me all day.
Thanks for the mention!
if ur gone this weekend, can you just leave the keys to ur place under the doormat? and I need to sleep.
Voted! Best of luck!
Boutique salon helps women bring out inner strength and confidence
*Glare* You are lucky to be spared a rant owing to Twitter's truncated character limit...
um.... I think we got the memo, mark.
We will never be "good enough". And even if we could, being "good enough" would never be good enough.
dry roasted almonds are yum!
Nightmares all night. What does that mean?
BRCC game day on Saturday!!
im unemployed for now, lemme know
The opposite of what I want is happening.
have Yu produced for tech 9
this is 's girlfriends twitter I FINALLY found the right one:))
Yooo big ups on the last #Jacked show on Sirius Took me back to some nights this summer at
Is Cee Lo Green a little person?
what up
Preparing for #IRA12. Visit author and I present: Using fiction and historical fiction picture books to teach Black History, Wed
What are your resolutions for this New Year?
Raise the jolly roger!
Looks like this show is getting on the road. Charmingtons buildout has begun!
My summer reading starts with The Long Walk. Strange coincidence to read it right after the King op-ed on taxation...
watching the grizzly man.....this guy is an absolute fucking IDIOT..of course he got killed by a bear
: Clarification - Tuesday nights #Cakearokee at Highline for dessert hookup
yessssiiiiiirrrrr! Influence, likability, love... list goes on and one for both biz and personal
I lost a Friend & a Brother at the same time. :(
Plans changed. drove straight thru santa barbara to san simeon, near cambria.
Accept- then Act. Whatever the present moment contains accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it not against it.
what about Mehdi?
Ordered Chinese. Ah, I love food.
Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes ❤
why do they keep Marmol? This stuff happens EVERY time -he's KILLING me!
Gmorining hope you have a beautiful day
Working out!
What's worse than ppl. Who talk behind ur back? Except for a fucking Snitch! Ppl. Need to learn to shut the fuck up!
Working tonight from 5-11pm, come see me for some sexy time <3<3
I hope you enjoyed the event; I've attended for the last 10 years.
1) bron can't get tired? bron did get tired. 2) true!
Thanks, Matt! Happy Holidays to you & yours!
Dropped my yea olde contacts file all ovver the floor...What a MESS!! Good time to reorganize. Why the heck do i still have a folder of ...
Special Cask Tappings Throughout the Afternoon @ TOTH...Firkins/Pins of Founders, Bell's, D Backbone, Starr Hill, Blue Mtn, Terrapin & More
remember when we almost started crying Because Hitler was on TV?
que Tim tebow a Dallas!!!
Good Luck today against MSU
It's 50 degrees out but it feels like winter. This may be because my coat won't zip over my belly.
I had 3 yrs in HS and one semester in college, so yeah...it was the verb 'tenses' that left me confused
Jose Ricardo Feris appointed new Deputy Secretary General of the ICC International Court of Arbitration: See ICC website.
follow me chris please when you get this
I think I want to play soccer... Halls Sports anyone???
#SOTD is "It Can't Rain Everyday" by P.O.D.
Jack with Karla today was good !
so jelly!!!! Have fun! Hugs!
you'll are so amazingly talented!!! You would male my day if you followed me thanks :)
Happy Birthday, Allie!! RT : Thank you and for the cookie dough brownie birthday treats!
That was Mackenzie! Or did you look at mine too?
Playing Call of Duty with We're getting owned. :(
Damn. MCA has died. Rest in peace Adam Yauch. "I swing my words on the track 'cause the track sound tight..."
Nothing makes the brewhouse smell better than a big 'ol nasty Imperial IPA.
Daddy's plane would've already landed in California right about now..
The only shoes I would wear that aren't nikes is Adidas shell toes,The first iversons,the first converse weapons,Grant Hill 1,Ewing adidas
um hi Twitter how ya been? *stretches*
Margaritaville Brew. Latitude Attitude.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do -Epictetus
I would pay a cover if you got that DJ too! I'll have to see your friend's band at some point.
Rarely eat @ IHop Today's visit on St. Pete Beach confirmed it will now be never Boys pancakes uncooked Brown lettuce Extremely dirty etc
The word Gaga in Filipino refers to a stupid and idiotic girl
Doctors were stunned by how many years he has lived without a personality...
You literally only tweet shit like that so girls will think you're nice and so you can get pussy.
We're looking for a sales representative in the Denver, CO area. We are looking for someone who has experience selling marketing services o…
That's awesome.
Getting excited about seeing perform with at the Spriing Into Summer Concert!
No effing way was that a dirty hit. You might as well take hitting out of hockey if u call Brown's hit dirty.
Why must everything on hip hop radio be about sex and drugs? Try something NEW!
Really jealous of everyone seeing the Avengers!
selling buying notes, debt management company, busy but week from hell
Hey guys thanks for burying the Pens oh wait its a 4 game series and no matter what I will still watch/support them 1000%.
Just got in an argument with a kid about Blood On the Dancefloor. He's been brainwashed. There's no saving him now.
Omg my baby just stood up for about 5 seconds!:) Aaw
lucky you lol :D , and happy birthday again haha :)
sure thing and hope you followed back. great weekend. RT : Thanks for the follow BuildingMoxie
YOCKO = You're Only a Cool Kid Once ;)
“Don't start a company unless it's an obsession… if you have an exit strategy, it's not an obsession.” –
How many hats can one wear at one time?
Buff, I have you pegged as a fairweather fan.
It's always a process when deciding which location we should go to...
thank you for coming!!
A BIG Happy Thanksgiving to all of you and a happy packers WIN day.
Courage is fear holding on a minute longer. -George S. Patton
have any cookies?!
lol what's Lala's world? I don't have TV.
my first double header is tomorrow. I hope I make it to the 2nd game
RUN FOR THE HILLS!!!! RT : Mean Justine is hella back.
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!! The one Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!! Offer Ends Sunday 11:59pm ea!
we are 2ways and people will notice us. Eventually
Interested in #BJJ and/or #Yoga?! We have a few days this month to keep in mind! BJJ info is on our facebook, and Yoga info is coming soon!
trying to get out of the city....
Come on Duke- now would be a great time to step it up
right up until i overdo it and start twitching
BEYOND grateful that was understanding and let me into class a little late. Sorry never again!
Ouu I'm so mad! Today sucks major monkey ball so far...
I just had an out of body experience laughing so hard at perry messing that up! Hilarious!
I think that an auditorium full of screaming strangers means you nailed your hip hop routines! Great job!
I'm not sending you a pick of me naked, you sick fuck
I needa drink or two..... Or floor.
Julio bashmore indeed...u got some tracks u can recommend for me? RT : sure you don't mean Julio Bashmore?
R U ready
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Would you like to come back to my place? My mom won't mind........
you guzzle more wieners than an asian at a hot dog eating contest #justkidding?
The good thing about shopping with my dad- saying please gets me almost anything.
Oh, and start getting used to it, Momma!!
lov disappears to easly try not let it go once uve got it
lol yea for a little while
IF I get accepted for press credentials..who's gonna let me ride with them to bonnaroo?? My only friend won't go :(
Just got home from my office, SO TIRED...I need to catch up on your articles, blogs, and will SOON
#Announcement on the 2 newest additions to Starr Scream Ent. coming today at 5pm est
We want to know if any of our followers are interested in doing a #milwaukeetweetup !
% of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us? Around 80/20. Feels like opposite from last yr. Convenience and time savings.
: Ellen can you give the Global Autism Project a twitter shout out! We are trying to raise $$ to raise awareness re: Autism
i love everything about .
when I do refresh, the emails I've deleted are still there.
Agree! RT : Quit what you don't love.
Don't forget guys! We're playing our #LikeMeLottery Like our FB page and you could win a FREE signed copy of our EP!!!
“You are my sweetest downfall - I loved you first, I loved you first.” (Regina Spektor)
Great set tonight! I think you blew up my brain.
"Good Times" when J.J. battles Sweet Daddy?
trying to decide between the Mormons and the Shakers for next week's video history session in my American history class.
5 ft behind
Thai + Khmer have been the most difficult because they use a completely different alphabet. It hasn't been a problem tho. :)
Ewwww! That is UGLY!!
A pencil without an eraser is the same as a pen. >.<
Any chance I can get you to follow me, a fellow conservative trying to make a difference?
Miami Hurricanes vs Kansas State kickoff delayed until 4 pm.
whats good sexy
10 Yahoo services that should be killed by Scott Thompson's restructuring plan - VentureBeat
Some people will NEVER look past skin color to see anything else. To these people, the "greater good" doesn't compute.
wonders if the vosd article on how demaio made his money will show how his experience qualifies him as a "businessman"
#FREEBOOSIE ...... "touch down to cause hell"
I don't need help, but thanks for your offer.
Can someone help me? We have our tv on your channel & suddenly a commercial came on for a trailer for a new HORROR film? WHAT?
It's been a long night and it's still young. Almost ready to bring #NewContent just need a couple more troops.
Hey, thanks! SXSW is next week, thanks goodness!
using the new Layers app on Chrome....dope!
He had his interests. In general, he didn't add any more interests to the list.
wanna be best frands?
TREE INFO- don't forget to water new plantings!
if u follow me we can DM?
and I just listen to some of your songs and I love what I'm hearing girl ☺
Holy Crap Colt just tweeted!!! He is still alive lol
I can't stand Trent Dilfer
Eric Friday night stuck in an elevator with
“A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her”-David Brinkley
Revamping the MTV Movie Awards: Is the network growing up?
yeah. but im gonna convince Jordan to come
Always bet 40% of your stack preflop regardless of a action and show everyone JJ after it folds around for affirmation
Whatchu normally drink
congrats newest cheesehead! From a diehard packer fan, congrats and good luck this season! GOPACKGO!!!
The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
Hey, thanks for following me! :)
That is the hottest tweet I have ever read.
Be More Concerned About Your Character Than Ur Reputation, Because ur Character is Who U Are & Your Reputation is what Others Think of U!
Following #elclassico on the mobile.
I done left and came back and they still ain't called my #
A thousand apologies for the late postings on the dedications! The dedications will be in a more timely manner starting... now. :)
Yes. You?
haha well i'm down for being a tester if you ever get a hangout together. I need to start using it more!
man, what a long couple of days, but I survived!!! still not the weekend, but i can sure use a break!
TIME TO START LIVING
First break of the night and all I can think about is quitting time...6 and a half hours away :-(
I may be inebriated enough to play pool.
You have to be skilled enough & trained hard enough to know how many ways you can counterattack in any situation, at any moment Jimmy Smits
What zzup guys!
No seat.
Why in the hell would you do you beautiful woman?
looking forward to collaborating also, I have to ask though hawkeye or cyclone fan?
#yougetpointsif you were a Manning fan before he Was a bronco. None of you get points!
#NP EXCUSE ME MAMA BY MiSH0N
Omg. Her dad is so high .
I like your make up..LOL JOKE, it looks like you got gangbanged by crayola.
you sent the same tweet... <\Slope/>
Why even try anymore?
Just because something has never happened to you does not mean that it is not a serious issue
Number 2: Brazilian Mami... That's ALL
6 million Vox readers out there, up from 1 million last November. via at
Where the fuck is my bus
or snobs.
You best! Don't escape the city with at least a
Everyone go follow , She's amazing, I promise <3
Start by researching your area. Arizona has a few things going on. Find out how the market works, start by doing theatre!!
Preciate the follow. Have a good day
try it
sleep on it a few days and then decide. No rush.
diversity of funding sounds like you need medical cannabis tax $?
Oh wow, you've just managed to turn a failed calender into a pensive tool... BRILLIANT
Have you seen our brand spanking new bathrooms in the Belvedere lobby? What do you think?!
did you win springsteen tix? you usually win everything so
do your damn work ya slacker! #americaisabetterplacetolive because...,
I want another one of those ASAP.
- without precisely knowing the danger, do you think it's time to crack each other's heads open and feast on the goo inside?
It's ironic how we ignore those who want us, want those who ignore us, love those who hurt us, and hurt those who love us
Apparently they put on the 3 goggles in that last timeout.
its so weird how one thing can mean so much to you.
Han Suyin~ There is nothing stronger in the world than gentleness.
Just had a drink next to James Franko at a random bar. #Sundance is in full effect.
“: So. Freakin' hott.” what a nice compliment! Thats what I needed to get through my day...o...wait ur talking about weather :/
I really mean shit if I RT with 3+ exclamation points (!!!!!!!!)
haha i totally feel you! Same here
Ha! Good point all around, PG. The Big Guys have missed the boat.
In Boise on work travel this week & play Boise State. Fate? I THINK SO!
Wow. God really does know more then me(He just proved itP. If I just rely on Him&trust in Him, i'll be alright
Appreciate the shout out!
Thankful “I Get To!”® work and prepare another keynote today!
Nothing Like the Andes Candy #TEA that’s coming to #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE
RT : Mornin' Friends! 2day's a little cooler @ 52°F. #snowshoe rentals r available 2day. Come enjoy a relaxing Sunday in...
Do yall think if a woman has problems with her father she will always have problems with men???
sure, I'll follow them (:
I kinda thought it was Alexis Texas
RT : has a gr8 blog #PublicDiplomacy, Branding, and the differences in USC Center on |...
Worked with AECP programs in California and New York this past week - uplifting to see the progress throughout the USA for AE students!
Today was only Tuesday wow
SAT word of the day: discursive (adj.) rambling, lacking order
LET'S GO FROGS!!.
Lemme show you something baby
Heading to to absorb the loss with some good drinks and food.
we took 2nd in open... was a blast :)
Monday rocks! New week, new exciting stuff! Hope everyone is having a blast at #SXSW!
It's all about the hustle. If you aren't there, someone else will be ready to take it. Grab as many opportunities as possible.
Monday! Let's get goals going! www.IamINC.biz
Already have the fire going and unpacking the suitcase. Tacos for dinner tonight!
I'm really good at promptly responding to text messages. Pressing "Send", not so much.
Just realized that the voice I do for my dogs is somewhat of a mix between Stephanie Tanner and Elmo.
RT : Few municipal candidates are using social media: Twitter, Facebook are ‘a great way to potentially e......
Good morning! Ready to start your week? I'm focused on getting a lot done today including some shopping for maxi dresses at Forever 21. You?
My time at the Passport Agency downtown went by fast and I managed to bring all my documents with me. Whew!
I'm starting to lose faith in music artists...
Ah, yeah, ur right, they suck. I'll never forget the in-text citations in my papers! They stuck out like sore thumbs
hi ;* and okey witch you ?
I hope you know that this has nothing to do with you.
sure is. can't i just put "i'm awesome." and leave it at that??
Sweet. I'm in Clay City. 20 miles from Terre Haute. Probably bout 3 hrs from there.
Kentucky derby then strip clubs
we tried that on them, it didn't work :-/ good sound but not nearly as good a show. How could it have been, w/out a ceiling fan?
Enjoying the awesome weather. Sitting outside in the patio on my new outdoor furniture!
": “: Bitches wear little ass shorts that show their ass for attention and get mad when a nigga looks.” hahaha"
THEN NO SLEEP
Let me get ya netflix pass code n screen name so I no its real!!! && so I can watch paid n full
Never go to bed with wet hair..or a first day.
I'll be celebrating "March Happiness", a tournament where I decide my favorite Sledgehammer episode.
Its good Im feeling that school a lot :) plus I get another hour of sleep :D
One Time For All The Moms That Play The Daddy Role!!! Happy MothersDay #ReTweet!
I watch EPL clubs when I can (usually on ESPN3). I became a LFC Red after I worked with a (now) good friend who grew up in Livepool
Love how one thing can ruin your whole day
i hate all. these people messaging me those like weird things.. like uh no.
Yeah, I was quite surprised by that.
So tired.
He's a butcher.
i brush my teeth so much my mouth feels like it hates me. 'least my teeth are pretty bright for a kid who doesnt regularly goto the dentist!
I sure hope my back stop hurting before tonight so I can step out
It's time for some new songs on my iPod
I'm obsessed with you baby.
(Hales Corners) Crash might be at 92nd & Grange
: what are the dream projects we would like to see in digital literary studies?
So strange when tweets from last November show up in TweetDeck.
It bugs me when people don't have profile pictures.
Rules threaten the imagination and the imagination threatens the rules.
I hope it was worthwhile :)
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Slow Cooker Vegetable Chili 4.21 / 5 Stars | 110 Reviews by CORWYNN DARKHOLME "This is a very zesty and hearty c
haters always gonna hate
Yesterday was amazing! I haven't sleep over 50 hours! PARTY ALL NIGHT ♥
Andre Gide: “Everything that needs to be said has already been said. But since no one was listening, everything must be said again.”
Wonderful day so far: Buns at Family Pastry in Chinatown, soap from in Pasadena, & a little bit of patio gardening...
Today I sent my half of the book revisions to my co-editor! Celebrated with wine, Xbox and friends. Good weekend.
I'm ready bro
LOL. Initially I thought, WTF? Programmers don't use perfume. RT : .NET Cologne has sold out in less than 2 days. Wow.
It seems people are more cheery about this #valentinesday. Less moans about hallmark holidays than in past twitter feed years.
I had no idea his film company was behind "Exit Through the Gift Shop." Cool little tid-bit.
more and more and more and more and more.
Why post? Contest is closed.
I KNOW! I thought things were somehow going to get better because she held so much hope for me... right now, it seems I was wrong :(
Bedtime. The summer of sangria will commence this weekend. Plenty of 2 buck chuck to use and infuse.
Scientists from u of minn and washington u are working on human conectom- to chart brain major connections
RT : FOLLOW 4 a chance 2 win pairs of tickets 4 VIP tent. Tweet @ us w/ #MKEAirShow 2 win!
that's crazy!
says they'll turn brown after using it, yikes
Man Texas can hit the ball all over the place
Whoa...wonder how much Facebook is paying #CNBC for this 24 hour Facebook commercial I'm watching...somebody tweet me when it's over!
I need to find what might be mine, just let me go this time.
I just don't see it yet.
RT Happy Halloween! Thanks !!
DM me or Tweet me back
i am bored somebody
naw im more of a visual hands on person 😏😏😏
Happy mothers day!
Ironically, Cozart & Votto are both on that fantasy team I just tweeted about, so those 2 runs are probably my fault.
Hey, thanks for that retweet! Hope you're having a wonderful Thursday!
Let's ban the word "guru" from the English language. Okay? Okay cool.
McAllen what's up ! Well see you tomorrow !
on to serious matters: why is Japan still running off of nuclear power?.
havin fun listening to kesha on the train.lol
Ironic that all of the commercials during Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution TV show are for processed foods like- Stouffers, Nabisco & Coke.
I am following you :) thanks
she was put on trial twice because her peer accused her.
Officially old and lame. Excited about this debate.
Congratulations to the winners of the Business Plan Competition, including
I search on it apparently the msg seems to be getting around ppl's acct. Watch out!
Taxes. RT : Show Q: What do you procrastinate on?
your welcome :)
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe when u lie to my faces n I knw ur ass lien to me
RIP Taylor Swift? really? wow
Surround yourself with progress!
You're with me when I'm up, then you quit me when I'm down. Oh well, wussup WORLD!
GOD Morning everyone!! If you are reading this please say hello!!
Running at VolleyBall practice today, I hope it rains. ^.^
will I be able to install paid apps I've brought in cydia for free again through your method?
An important job opening: RT Position open at the YWCA for a Director of Sexual Violence and Support Services: bit.ly/j3pzWG
I live like 20 mins away from the place where he was! aekughwoifhwoeHFKJSNHHSOGHohwr PISSED. BEYOND PISSED.
I emailed you some info get at me when you get a chance
Nahh just have a 4100 that (SOMEHOW) is still chugging away. Was curious was HP said as its replacement. pry 2055 or 3015
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D♥ i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 70
Door Handles LTD Mix Security With Elegance
haven't been on this hoe in a min... What's good? Who got some new music to be shared?
Wow! #Giants really are going to win this game, huh?
RT : Lisa Valentino: Take your Money out of AdNetworks. Most of them will be gone in 12 month.
Go on, watch your sports.
PuBlic bathrooms.. Eeww
you have to sign up but it's worth it
/glare why must you muddy things up with facts?
lmao don't yu got a gf to help that issue
New York would love to ship you some snow.
Dry Cry..
justin didnt get to go to prom cause hes homeschooled BBY I CAN TAKE YOU TO MY PROM IN 2015 IS THAT IGHT WICHU? HOLLA @ ME OK
Apps! Thoughts? RT : had posited apps earlier as a possible bridge but we didn't discuss.
Some of the #FANmily is still watching basketball in the Northwest: FTW. But we can still cheer on
You one too?
I tried to explain that to Happy almost weekend to you too! Give washDC a big hug for me. I miss it so much!
The Arizona State Fair is featuring deep fried gravy, a captain crunch hamburger, and carmel cream bacon donuts! Which one would you try?
im going to go stalk your pictures now ... 
Oh shit. You alright, man?
Anyone near Louisville on May 5th interested in modeling some underwear at an awesome event?! If so let us know!
Erica's getting ready to interview snowboarding rising star Kevin Pearce. Any questions for him???
Why did I fall in the club last night!!
Oh yea its on baby! RT : RT Green Velvet on the 23rd? uhh yeah i'm there. Tagging along bros
I attended the LA Screening of SMASH last night at The Grove.....Pure Brilliance!!! Congrats!!! I smell EMMY!!!
Romney says "we are a nation of Immigrants" but for immigration to work we need to secure the border.
#WhatsAlottaMoney when you get it on the regular
This weekend only! You can get free stuff from R. Shamar when you order Passion 101 or Lost Works of a Lost Soul from www.RShamar.com
no worries :) was just jammin! how is your night going?
Hey Warriors and Friends, How are you this morning?
"I got a little bit a gout runnin down the old left tit."
PSA for all things natural - Dad got an Rx pill stuck in his throat. In <24 hrs it burned a hole!
RT : "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is that good men do nothing." -Edmund Burke
I used to sing Mr.Tingles to sleep everynight. He was a good pussy.
We have heard that the food is better now at the Rusty Pelican since the renovation. Great view of the city from there. ;-}
Yeah, John Groce of Ohio
you got me addicted to that song! Haha bounce out pockets on loud!!!!
Good morning tweeps!
OHH ok cool cool!!! pretty pumped yah we do---We have soo much too talk about--cant wait for u to come back to Dallas
I officially have the coolest cuzzin ever. Follow RIGHT NOW.
When I was 18 I was front row at an Alanis concert. I sang my heart out to impress my high school sweetheart. It worked.
I just finished a 2.55 mi run with a time of 29:20 with Nike+ GPS.
I'm good what school do u go 2
Bob bought this team in Mid 90's for under $90mil and now its worth $380-400mil. He doesnt want to win. Hes happy with $15mil a yr
Just got the SICKEST deal on a Kodak Play Touch baby camcorder/flip cam. $69, 1080p w/external mic outlet. Me thinks 'll B pleased
RT Reading about aerobic exercise prescription, fun
Last night though...👯☺
I HEART & New Flavor Tropical Stampede!"Win Tix 2 the Tasting Party
Tell President and the : Its time to Label GMOs! Please RT #Obama #label #GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
A little cucumber vodka and now it's time to do inventory. Did I mention I love my job?
New Music Sunday: “The Whole Love” by Wilco
Can you explain red boning?
I know what you mean, I have to live with 6 younger siblings.
#ReasonsWeDontKnowWhatLoveIs because half the world dnt even genuinely love themselves
#icantgoadaywithout my phone
LOVE it! So now that you're finishing school...what are you gonna do?!?!
Found a TurboTax forum comment that is a secret cry for help: "CAN I CLAIM MYBOYFRIEND THAT DIDNT WORK ALL YEAR"
Hey twitter
Reeses! Thank you!
In san Marcos 2NITE with Royalty For Life at Gold Crown Billiards
Purple kale does not break down in a blender. Lesson learned.
Overcast mornings: so minor I feel bad complaining about it, but my disposition is usually only as sunny as the weather.
Watching project x lol this shit crazy
Option 2 is logical. You'd still hear them but not as loud as other players who have no perk.
Thank you chica.
In Stockholm, those in need call a condom ambulance, its a white truck that will deliver to the door a condom ten-pack
If a boy takes you to his home and lets you meet his mom
I liked the trailer, great work!
Follow conference in Doha tomorrow & Wednesday with
How you a math teacher giving a 6 page essay that you want to be in MLA format and work cited
Plodder at work. Bam Morris...
p meeting... Allot of creativity in the Room.. #jellovideo CHEAY
Omg wen did I reach 900 followers!!! Thnx so much but I'm bout to do #followbacks and give my 900th follower a S/O
I ain't never been scared to #whip out
This is an unbelievable offer. You pay $2 and you get $10 worth at Copper Gable Cafe in Madison. Only through www.dealoria.com
Hmm. The boys want to eat Golden Corral after wrestling weigh-ins.
Wanna go to the drake concert real bad.
Ha. In Google Maps, find Legoland in California, drag the street view Pegman and it turns into a Lego guy.
Got to deal with Watsford #VCU in the second half but it's all good in this game! Way to play RAMS.
I just had my first road rage experience. All it took was a cyclist. Lol D:
Is the demonstration in SF the Tea Party boycott of SF?
Today is National Prime Rib Day! What size cut do you get,and what are your favorite side dishes to pair with it?
This bus sucks
you guys are so
#Imagine you're crying in your room. Then Liam walks in. He says nothing. He holds you tight and gives you a soft kiss on the lips.
Sigh. Let's see it again. Roger...oh, roger...
Everyone says St. Louis fans are so intelligent. Two of these dummies have reached over and touched live balls tonight.
Wake up! Good morning world!
oh cool go to hot topics there asome there :)
Confession: im addicted to animal 101!!
Thanks for the retweet!
holy crap i just remembered how weird my dream was...too much tongue
Aug 1st Raising Champions dinner promote the health of HS athletes. Good food; great cause. 503.418.4166 Got your tix? Deadline July 29
aye that 1 dude from the knicks look like david ruffn from the tempation movie.
Perrys strong and devisive style are strong leadership traits but does he set a good example for others to follow???
thank you, sir. Likewise! Looking forward to connecting with you :)
unfortunately it won't. :(
on tv telemundo network .:D and you?
Mike Tuson.Cheers to u both.
Breaking News: Harry Reid's reference to President Obama as "light skinned" discussed on cable news by countless light skinned commentators.
Talking to you on the phone >>>
#cantwaitforvegas lets make this a trend bored can u tell?!
Stranger things have happened. :)
The Historian: Black walnuts in local culture - Boyertown Berk Montgomery Newspapers
Thanks for the RT! :)
its been time girl!
Just saw a before Hoes shirt
Rockshow needs to be released on DVD and Blueray. Paul at his rocking best.
The Bourbon Street Grille, Dahlonega, Ga. 6pm show time! Muah!
oh there large,ha I wish someone would play with me my US tech asked if she could Grab my ass the other day I let her :)
RT : copy of 's new Decision Management Systems book is on its way here to the woods <- Suprised u didnt get kindle vers
Everyone enjoy your last Friday of summer! We'll see you Monday bright n' early at 8:00 AM!
A Friend is a treasure. More precious than Gold, For love shared is priceless And never grows old.
What's up Booker !!!
There are certain moments when dealing with the general public where I just want to say... "I'M SORRY... BUT I DON'T SPEAK RETARD!!!"
Thanks !! Sounds like you are enjoying our app!! If so, keep shouting out
RT : With banks short on business loans, consider deferring your debt or restructuring. Biz Debt Relief! 800 403-1021 x401
Finalizing my updated resume... ugh! But almost done... yay!
If you didn't see the wild QPR-Man City #EPL title decider live, it's on ESPN Classic in 5 minutes.
Red. No wait, Green! Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
Follow <3 Please! THEY FOLLOW BACK! So, you gain a follower if you do(; It's a win-win!
In the lane of unbridled spirit! About to take UK over
STOP! I want more hahah
Iam what the theropists say...a ticking time bomb.
Already trying to plan out what I'm going to eat for lunch based on the other stuff I want to do today
#NowFollowing he is handsome ;)
Those were the days.
Homes like this are why I got into Architecture... Inspiring! “: Hunter House is very cool!”
Sexy boy ;)
New PacSafe products have arrived!
Its a nice day out :)
MW3 BABY!!! GAME ON!
that's right! Best BBQ in the country is in Syracuse. Huh?
oh so your kind of a big deal huh? Touring from London to Rome to miami :-) xo
go away you hater...
It appears that folks these days don't know that you WALK on the Left & DRIVE on the Right.Guess it makes sense since ppl dont walk any more
I bet everyone at school only knows who watic is because Alex gaskarth guest vocaled on kiss me again.
i gotchu bro
Putting proposal together to present at FETC? Has anybody done so yet?
Boy do I like our QB RT Thanksgiving at ford field. Heard the boos at halftime... Must have been the halftime show idk.
The entire month? Cool!
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
bulit a house up on that ass, that's a asstate!
Say something cuz your all in my head<33
Sociology final, over and done with. We'll let your Chem, Anthro, and SciFi finals know you're coming for them.
Yes sir!! RT : He's alive! Time to party 🙌🔥
come get me from school
Oh wow!! I've never felt one!
whaaaaaaats going on
God has really put something on my heart today ! Thinking about starting my own movement/ organization #stop bullying
when ur gonna have a Sweet 15 and u want to be their but u know that that will never happen but it cool :')'
I guess church is the new spot to get girls #at-church time to GO
When I grow up, I wanna be a good dad, just like my dad. Love u pops. Thanks for making me the man I am today, I am truly blessed.
“: you need a guidance counselor.. Or some other form of psychological help” honestly
- u sir r a coward! u cant meet with parents and u hide behind subordinates! u obviously know zero about education. resign now!
We will be playing poker ... stop by and play a little.
gO hEeLs!!
The live feed was shitty too. A think "they" were trying to block out the feeds.
me when my ipod is on shuffle: no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no yes
planet of the hoes
ahha! Do you want me to bring yours tomorrow or do you want me to keep it until the concert? :)
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 6.) Technology! why must u always crash down on me when i need u the most!??!! HUH?!!!!!
Thanks for your support Cristina! Enjoy 15% off Medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/1/12. Happy Sunday!
is VERY excited to be so collaborative in 2012!
i can't answer omg :(
It's amazing what good a small thing can do sometimes.
haha cool, ey its up to you man
I didn't think it was that rude, there could've been other reasons. Maybe it wasn't even him, or he's just. pissed.
I was just thinking about that this morning. Best entrance in the business.
Don't know when changed it so you could set your board cover but I LOVE it! Thanks for continuing to surprise.
Great meeting you last night! Hope you're enjoying #factorcon today. I'm loving it :) I'm sure we'll see you this evening.
right but in the past the "hidden" constituted a very small part of the overall number, now it's far greater and gives a distorted#
exactly! “: Me too.. even though that makes me 6'6''. Gonna be too old one day. Might as well live in them now!”
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
Cardio and ozzy on the talk.. It's a good day
The one kiss ~ That I still miss ~ Rests tantalizingly ~ there ~ On your cherry red lips
BAHAHAHA love that.
I hate when guys are assholes!!!!
New blog just posted! Go meet Mr. My Best Friend's Girl! www.kissandim.com
nose:s creo que a la mia
Awesome!! I hope he's not training tomorrow.
So how does one get sleep apnea? Well, most people who have sleep apnea are predisposed very early in life
Ah! Why weren't you?! LOL, I heard Zayn was screaming "YOLO" the entire time.
50 minutes until kickoff here at 1st Mariner Arena, where the Blast are set to take on the Wave in Game 1 of the MISL Championship Series!
Skipping school
Happy Bday to !!! Have a great day!!!
Our Scary Asses Lol RT": “: I cried when I saw the first paranormal activity”lmao me too"
omg! you're working! better stop now or you're going to have ID sugarplum dreams tonight :)
thanks and go bucks! (in a week)
OK, Monday...let's do this! Have a great week everyone!
Trina Turk is having a sample sale this weekent at their West 3rd Street.
Going to "El Sitio" tonight.
Hi. How's it going? Any cool projects?
Just letting people know, I gave up twitter for Lent, so I will be gone for a while. See ya. Bye:) I love you.<3
Either that, or I've officially retired.
oh my, oh my, my family of raging maniacs ♥ welcome to the family Vanesser
Hello sunshine!
LOL! I can't spell the word Thursday today. I deleted and revised my last tweet 3 times. Thusday, Thrusday, & then I finally got it right!
Watching Rory Mcilroy, Darren Clarke, and Keegan Bradley's wins this year is like watching Rocky, Rocky II, and Rocky IV
Spend 45 minutes working out. Eat a pint of ice cream when done.
Thanks for the follow and participating/attending #SMBMAD this AM!
Thx! I was there in may 2009 and a 2-bed condo was $500k. Guess it was condition related... Leigh
Hey! I've listened to some of your stuff, it's really good! How do you make your beats and stuff?
Joyce Carol Oates NYS Writer Hall of Fame honoree has her 6th YA bk out in Sept: 2 or 3 Things I Forgot to Tell You
NICE! must come tour :)
#kids Anime Club at Irving Central Library, Sun, May 13 2:00p: Fans of Asian popular culture ages 14 years and older are invited to watch...
Theres a feeling inside that I want you to know. You are the one and I can't let you go.
Hey thanks once again for another great article in the Networker. "commercial actors should never!"
YES. YES. YES. YES. YES!
I went to Highland Mall today and had a handmade pizza and a glass of wine. Did you realize there are still shops and restaurants there?
If you view an entire thing it looks that it's always gorgeous.
What a hot ass day! Ugh! Time to hit the pool :)
On my way to an NYC midtown Studio for a Voiceover recording session.
Vocalists! Wanna try out out for our band? Send us an email at guy or girl :)
Many thanks!
What do you mean?
what you see is not all of me
Still can't believe the venerable NYC club, Limelight, is now a mall.
and we you. Have a great evening. I've enjoyed hearing your tweets.
hey lady! How's the script coming along?📝 I know there's a part for me, right?😜
Of course I run into people I know in the streets of Paris.
non-productive day again smh
TOLEDO! We're playing with April 25th, at Frankies Inner City!!! Get your tickets from us!!!
let go kevin harvick it my birthday get a win for me on sunday
Or rather, a rising tide of OOP engineers and cultural context making an idea like O even conprehensible to significant audience.
Want to be in my bed
About to cut some bitches.
is this like the rooster that doesn't exist?
Previously was only really invested in Raylan/Boyd, but it's working almost as an ensemble right now. So many good characters.
don't see it!
On my way to the SF RAW Showcase .... poor is gonna be there before me..... sorry girl.. I need carpool.... lol
My most immediate challenge is that God gave me the gift of gab. Words are my friends & they don't like provocation. Ever clever
Thanks! Did you decide when you're coming to PDX??
lol...I'll tell you all I remember. I have to admit, I tend to forget the felonies.
Light is a word that has different meanings yet is generally understood as love and understanding.
SAVE $400 Dollars ! ZOOM Whitening - Only $199 Up to 6 shades lighter in one 45-minute in-office session. 1854 W. Division ORA Dental htt
This is the most fan friendly I have seen the brewers down in AZ in the past 4 years.
ty. and oooooooooooommmmmmmmmmmmmmgggggggg are you ok?! so sorry to hear!
On a whistling train this morning. It's driving me mad.
RT US dollar, US stock futures up on news of #Osama capture. Read as new market confidence in the United States.
Close-that's next week. Thank you in advance
Animal - Neon Trees
We may be a thousand miles apart, But I'll be with you wherever you are!!!..I'm already there...!
UGH I WISH I COULD.
& I'm not even trying to be a bitch..
shoulda put gilbert in the game!! Give a nigga a chance!
Smith: Blathering about urban renewal without saying anything. Now I know why he's not getting much time.
what does one make with 2 fennel bulbs, 1 ridged gourd, 1 bottle (upo) gourd, a bunch of basil, garlic and 1/2 pound of shrimp?
Please follow and we follow 100% back :) Love u all :**
Wealth is finding love in yourself... finding an unlimited amount of divine energy at the core of your being & sharing it w/EVERYONE
Great #NCSL conference with #umwleads..now back to reality. And 3 exams.
Happy Birthday to owner Pierto! Can’t wait to celebrate it at the after party for our show Tomorrow!
love her
yeah my bad forgot to mention you
thanks for the love! :)
Def. food, wine (heard mixed reviews of Mendoza), not huge hikers but love scenery. Thinking BA, Igazu and maybe 1 other area?
I luv's me my fridays!!(beutiful weather don't hurt either) RT : Thanks for the RT Dave! Having a good Friday so far?
ii can't stop laughing at myself
Why does it take twitter so long to fucking update my shit >,<
So proud of McKinley and the great community supporting Dogfest this past Saturday. This is the little public school that can do it!
I tried to have a marg. at Indianhead and it was horrible. Opted for Capt & diet at airport.
still in editing. hopefully soon!
Books24x7: "Most people are fairly lazy searchers." Advanced search features get little use.
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
#VCU is at it again! C'mon Rams, you can do this!
Are flasks permissible on flights? Serious question people. Not ashamed to ask it.
The two most important things in my life are _________ and __________.
Much love to the followers giving shout outs!
lmao that's guys for ya!
#FloridaEchelonSisters Can I just say this is FUCKING amazing! lol! :)
If you didn't know: driving while Black, Brown, high, drunk, tweaking, bar-ed out, leaning, fried or otherwise f*cked up=arrested!7132227577
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today, for the "Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!" Companies like !
A person can be highly educated, professionally successful and financially illiterate.
Paul is all over today's update! I love my little Mac whore :)
Life is short,live it. Love is rare,grab it. Anger is bad, dump it. Fear is awful, face it. Memories are sweet, cherish it
That sould be me :')
Penske Racing President Tim Cindric is now on Twitter. Follow him Welcome TC! Good luck this month and see you
RT : The coming R. McGeddon calls for tartan nails and therefore tartan nails I shall have
Home alone all day!!
Good night everyone :-O
but not "Bodies" by Drowning Pool.
Last month, TPS helped place an article in a bank marketing journal on multichannel marketing.
another unsatisfactory outcome
hi business and bankruptcy with concentration in retail fashion media Internet real estate. Plus any women owned businesses.
Great...how's the champ? In Brasil?
9 US States considering OK for right to carry concealed hand guns on campus... So many legitimate concerns. More Guns more accidents???
I refuse to be a member of a lost generation.
Today is the 70th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. Never forget
my mom said she might cry prom night -____-
haha yeah, I work at the state benefits office. So communication is my forte'.
Some freshies dropping ...
YoU DoNt kNoW iS BeAuTiFuL :)))
Erik Feig '92CC has been named president of production at Lionsgate Motion Picture Group.
depends: is there a round in the chamber?
The program saying I unfollowed you.
American idol !!!! <3
My Pain My Purpose My Destiny Begins Thursday Night. LADIES we are going to talk REAL & no excuses but solutions
Contract Bobcats and Hornets, move Kings to Seattle.
Trolling is a art. :D
following me? perhaps♥
I won't see my baby :(
brb while i go CRY my eyes out in the Corner </3 :)ILYShawty<3
Hahaha. I can see the tweet. We also got some BOMB posters! (YOU JUST FAVORITED MY TWEET. LOOK AT YOU USING TWITTER AND STUFF.)
lmao translation~ save all ur butthurt for the loss yall gonna take
dang the one person that hasnt text me in awhile
honestly that cover is a drug. I cant stop
never mind they're fakes :( they were of him and all his glory on a hotel balcony
Shower and the bar, shower and the bar, beer beer beer beer shower and the bar
I get to see my old homies tomorrow.
Should be studying.
Good night. Time to turn in. Maybe Newt will "suspend" his campaign by daybreak. One can hope....
"I'm on your pickle jar yall!' - Paula Deen on my pickle jar
- I have some ideas for sure. It is the delivery that I don't have.
Are you cheating on me and the red velvet cookies with these yummy looking treats?
Tallying up the winners of the silent auction. Great stuff.
Wow. RT : No Indiana-Kentucky game next season per an IU release.
Nick Jonas records &#39;How to Succeed&#39; cast album
looking forward to an exciting weekend in Solana Beach!
Hey Brad how long are you in LA?
No better way to say goodbye to Austin for a few days than with breakfast tacos at the airport.
“ The difference between Mitt Romney and an Etch-A-Sketch: Broad Appeal”
A 15 yo girl w/terminal cancer made a bucket list. One wish: To trend on Twitter. Give a RT
HOW IS EVERYONE'S DA GOING???:):):)
4 down and 1 to go in GB. Packers players contine to be an amazing group. Driver, Jennings, Jones and Hawk are the real deal!
please dont send spam this way
I accidentally turned images off in firefox.... the net with no images is a sad dreary place.
I am finally gonna meet her! Haha
I'm telling ur MOM! Bahahaha RT : Fuck Shit Bitch Ass God Damn...(No family on twitter accnt)
Thanks for the retweets! &
Just coppd them new Dior's at the Grove now...Farmers market babyy
Let there be such oneness between us, that when one cries the other tastes salt." ---Rosebelle Believe
Whats good son, let me kno something...... we thought our session was free 2day
I swear this doctor is half deaf or something
Modeling and Acting are one of my many passions in life. I respect them so much. Please contact me if you're interested in working with me.
love your concept! heads up for an email I just sent your way. "Education is all a matter of building bridges." - Ralph Ellison
We appreciate referrals! Now get 10% of your next order for qualified referrals.
.do it then add me
YSL race at Copper today!
You know you're busy when you haven't looked for 3 days...
Oh, the Places You'll Hear About!
another printout pickup.
hint or hit?
We're finally heading BACK to the studio on Thursday to record NEW MATERIAL, and be on the lookout for LIVE TRACKS from also!
Tonya Thomas very sad case. she worked w/my family member very nice. this is a case of no help in Fl. for difficult kids or 4 moms. RIP
Is anyone going to TED in Long Beach or Palm Springs??? I might be going tomorrow...
UPDATE: Scott's new Twitter handle: Follow him to find out the latest in the worlds of food and football. Bon apetit!/Score!
Develop a 'can-do' attitude. Practise saying 'what can I do for you? I will make it happen'
jealously does not even begin to describe my feelings right now. Go Spurs Go!
Thanks YouTube, for reassuring me that there are a million and a half other losers who spend free time watching old episodes of Jeopardy
And with that... I'm going to go to bed. Maybe I will get to read more than 1 page of GoT before I pass out. Night all!
I love having such an amazing girlfriend :) sweet dreams baby girl, I love you :)
" wow. Ok?"lol just saying..u ain't gotta be like dat
social media is awesome...you know, for maintaining historical data...like a budding Twitter romance...I'm gross, I know :)
hey. thanks for the follow! I like your work a great deal!!!Have a great day!
We have a surprise for you guys! We finally have a facebook! Its under construction. Add us facebook/stumbleuponmilwaukee
The vicinity of my house to #MillerPark is definitely a boon!
Passed two rabbits walking home from lab, never seen that much air from a bunny hop.
Looking forward to your visit to the TC this weekend. Let us know if you can stop by the station for a visit!
Bout To Hop In The Shower . >>>
Three branches of gov't are: miltiary, corporate, and hollywood.
Happy Monday everyone! Hope you're feeling refreshed from the weekend!
Any good? I've often thought about picking up a 6, but the label seem so comical.
Ha. Sorry. I ate most of the jelly beans.
Howson isn't bad, I think it was priest that done goofed.
i dont think the entertainment community gave bernie mack the proper tribute when he passed away. especially the bet awards
Tea' is in Port Charles, yaay #gh!
I do a ton of 3v3 FC. Great conditioning, allows developing players more open court and less pressure; greater learning.
We can do this!! I've been on the phone for hours ,and none of my homework is done. BEACH IN TWO DAYS :D
Ok, folks, leaving work, going to store, then MAYBE play with some liquid latex on my new skull.
GAB WILL post searchable database online for all 6 recalls, info would have been available to anyone through records request
RT : Don't miss #CNNPresents tonight at 8pm PST: Our president Andy Keller is interviewed by for the #Plastic Wars feat
Thats hard to go to when I'm the star ;) Im not doing any shows today hehe
I Hate When I Forget To Press Send On My Phone Then Sit & Wait Theree For A Reply Likee An Idiot ! -_-
I'm outside now
'American Idol' Down to Four: Skylar Laine Booted From Show; Carrie Underwood ... - ABC News
I am so Frikikikiki Happy 4 U. I would still be passed out on the floor. I would frame that picture of UR mentions. ♥
Don't forget we've got unfinished business.
Yeah. Him also
Colorado Springs people are healthy to be fit, in California they're healthy to look good.
no, thank YOU!
Awesome! Thanks for the info!
Not having time to eat lunch does not mean you should have an unhealthy dinner, yet I still did.
Today is the day they throw out all the food from the break room fridge. I forgot and walked in just in time to see my dinner thrown away.
I wish you said stabbing people for money downtown :-/
There are easier ways to save your snacks.
not huge,but enough to really appreciate his contributions to dance and music
RT : Willard Romney has lots of good friends who are grits owners./ Actually, friends own the Co. that makes them damn grits!
Singing "I got somethin' on my shoulder...just waiting for you..."
If you like history then you should read, Killing Lincoln, by Bill O'Reilly. Its GREAT!
i LOVE cheyenne!!! loved her since 06, i really wanna meet her!
RT RT If u're old enuf to remember using ur finger or a pencil to rewind a loose cassette tape
Joel Bishop: What drives engagement? We don't want to let down our teams.
Hey, all you people talking about Dane Cook. He makes a lot of money for a lot of people. That's why he gets a show- funny or no funny.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Aww..I know! Thanks for the RT:-)
i gotta go now mahomies, it's too late! goodbye ♥
It's not a bad choice, and of the various American beers I have tried, it is one of the few I can stand...
why not the Flip HD? Sharing uploads is the easiest. I love my Flip.
just finished the first chapter of Nicest Kids in Town about race and Am. bandstand! Excellent work Matt!
Ok, forget the anathemas. Let's just forget I-I entirely. Praise the Lord for all three Star Wars films!
Did they talk endlessly about 20th Century learning until about 1940? Yes, we know it is 21st century. Let's give it a rest already.
im so over this whole school thing
I got enough money to get to la. But dont have enough for fair reserve money and deposit for place. Dammitt. Lol
ur brother is funny! I miss mad TV!
how abt this: my talk is mostly abt copyr notices. Discuss.
your speech at the Hall of Fame was moving & beautiful. I've loved RHCP for 20 years, tonight you found a new fan in my mom :) xoxo
Shall I read Ashley Mears's Pricing Beauty on the plane, or embarrass myself by watching Ringer finale? So many decisions.
Thanks everyone! I wasn't really close with baby randy. But thanks for the kind words!
great representation 4 Occupy LA Vegan Restaurant venture 8th/Olive Bldg
Cashin out by cash out that shit.
Live TV has long been the favorite source of video for most Americans. But with the advent of VOD, DVRs, OTT and mobile TV, today's typical…
Now I remember why I stopped going to the bar
RT ": #SchoolMemories meeting wit her big bright smile =)" awh ! 
Beautiful day in Cincy and our BRUNCH is ON!!! hurry up, we are open till 2!
you and I both..although you actually don't need to..so shush
When me and my friend where on the computers, she actually turned around to check the clock WHEN THERES A FREAKIN DIGITAL TIME IN FRONT.
Julian Lennon & James Scott Cook - Lucy - 05:51 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
ahh love it i will totally be at six flags tomorrow as well hopefully i will run into you!!!!
Sorry, but I hope he doesn't get it.
deep breaths.....
come to Louisiana !
ALL THESE HOES SCARED OF ME
That is awesome.
HA! How do I get myself in peril so they can come save me?
I am in a state of musical awe... Jessica Sanchez & Josh Ledet is the reason.
Has Anybody Ever Beat Labisan In One On One?
Just been on one of the new met line trains, air con, walk through carriages...the most pleasant tube journey I've been on. Well done tfl
According to ,#manning left the practice facility with Elway& Fox. Where did they go after that?Where did they drop him off?
You have a good memory. I might have to slip your name in next time.
Researching restaurants and bars for my trip to NYC! Can't wait to see Roomie weekend in just 4 days!!
#NOWPLAYING timbaland feat. Drake say something
THANKZ WIFEY!!! ": Special S/O to the sexiest man I know on Twitter "
Tried to RT that, but it wouldn't let me...
It's just that the term was new to me, thanks for your explaination. That's too bad you are missing out on some good food.
Devin Harris has 6 points and the Jazz have hit 6 of last 10 shots. Jazz lead the Spurs 16-15 with 3:29 left in the first quarter.
Knowing what you want and not apologizing for it.
I miss you too! And I'm good how about yourself hotayyyyy? Proms in a week!
Listen to the premiere of #JLo's new song #DanceAgain TOMORROW at 10am and the top of every hour!!
RATM - Why not go on tour? ... We're Waiting.
Probably because they were out there from the days when they wee USL clubs.
I like his 5 million tweets.
No! RIP,MCA!
How long is the suspension from Mayor's Manor if someone wears a #Yankees hat?
i saw him and fought him outside
Did you know using a micro needle roller with DNA Cryo stem treatment increases collagen production 100% to 110%.
Planning programming is a form of proactive reference.
you are mistaking you with me yo.. (: jk. im pretty interesting tho
Nerves that are so shook up you can't even think.<<
Kobe said Durant you can have it. Imma rest tonight and shine my rings. Lol
What happens to the audience you build after an exhibition-based blog/community closes?
KatieLonggggggggggg............ miss u
"Above us, only sky"
quiet slave!!!
chris that's for this chatroom I have on facebook
When I lose internet connection: 2% Waits patiently. 98% Raping the refresh button 1,000 time!
Yes, I used my seat warmer and my heater this morning. I am not ashamed ;)
Dude in front of me getting off plane has to personally shake the hands of all crew members before deplaning. Weirdo.
can't wait
I hurt myself today to see if I still feel
Success is a game. The more you play the more you win. The more you win the more successfully you can play the game!!!
Great Family Day watching SU football dominate and visiting with my absolutely awesome son! love you!
You know it brother!
i didn't realize you are here - hope you are having a great time!
We're not going over there and I made the plans and we said you brain and amber you are invited bbygurl
you gotta get my sister to think like that ;)
Back to work today.
that would be the best thing in the world. I need that too! (:
A great summer eve in Midtown: first Thurs free concert in Mt Vernon Square Park tonight!
Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the maximum possibility, and fight for your desires.
although I know what you mean. I just don't want the solution to be telling people (men) that they can't be kind.
RT : Jon Huntsman: THE Beta Male for a spineless America.
Beer! Helping ugly people have sex since 1862!
Be at the gypsy fest in clifton today, i perform at 3PM. Come see me perform live.
Good question! Maybe knows.
Thank you!!! "HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!"
Slide the newspaper half way under a closed door and ask the two people to stand on the bit of newspaper on their side of the door
Peralta almost knocks Millwood's belly off
Some favorites this week:
In a gentle way, you can shake the world. -Mohandas Gandhi
Hey neat! That patch of subcutaneous pimples is a lot like a sheet of bubble wrap. Filled with pus.
lolz still works most of the time. i think they're just being defensive
Well thank you for making sure they did <3
Now there is a penguin that is limping! So sad
Amazing evening with family. Went to for a fantastic dinner followed by awesome coffee at along the lake.
so much for separation of church and state...
Please tell me you are joking about the matching sweaters.
WOW, Westbrook was at the basket by the time Jordan Hill Fell. smh
Gracie Breakdown Addresses Safety Issues After ‘Boy Chokes His Cousin to Death with Rear Naked Choke’ - watch this if your kids like to wre…
First casualty of the Albert Pujols era in LA? Hitting coach Mickey Hatcher fired. Was in his 13th season in that role for the Angels.
“ 156 per person for hotel? To much?”| How many nights??
just found some Lucent Orinoco Bronze & Silver Wifi cards. Anyone remember those? From about 2000? Bronze was pre-WEP...
I need a tight ship. But the inmates are running the asylum.
Yay applebee's girls night out skinny bee cocktails, personalized Facebook invites.
Agreement in the room that #CompletionArch data is essential to shaping the discussion about the role of #communitycollege in our country.
Exactly 2 months from today kicks off the 2012 season in DC United. What a short offseason this has been compared to last year.
Social Hour 5-7, Ladies Night Tonight starting at 7pm and Brown Bag Tasting Wednesday starting at 8pm.
Only 2 weeks away from The Classic Crime, Moneta (Official) and Shoreline Drive @ The Showbox Market! Get your tickets now!
Hearing Seth Meyers' voice in my head saying, "Really?!!" during some of these choral arrangements. Wish we SAB choirs had more options.
gotta get girl friend... too bored alone... -sigh-
Look at what time it is LOL! :-D
I am the life-force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, at one with all that is. ~Jill Bolte Taylor
or a sweet little kiss like in the photo!
DJ ENVY ONE™ - PARTY ROCK MIX, free download on soundcloud
Um Dick Clark passed away?? :/
taking full advantage of V-Day. Reaching her target and offering love expertise on The View and Nate Berkus today
best sign in the house!
How did I get 80 followers, I haven't done much
With authority comes resource allocation + $$ MT shared responsibility rather than shared authority
hey buddy
I dont have to be hateful, I can just say bless your heart.
I know. I actually appreciated the honesty.
We're finalizing details on a new merch store. Thanks for being patient. Details soon!
I cracked the back of my iPhone! I didn't even no it could break
Is on free on demand? I wish. XD
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks bro. The kids are sad but we still have one fat cat left.
Just boxed up a ton of my old PantherVision and stuff for storage. It's time for a fresh start.
Departing Port Townsend, low clouds, against wind and tide
don't be sorry breh. If you don't remember it, It didn't happen
im soo tired winterjam was amazing sunday night skillet was the best part :) <3
Are you looking for a way to promote your business? How about a commercial, web video, or be in our promotional video. Call us 856-423-9233
what's up sexy man of love let's get naked tonight and have a dance party with just u and me I want tell anyone
Treasury market activity Tuesday suggests mortgage rates are moving much higher.
When people think you'll always give them rides just because you have a car<
One of my nieces gave me some photos when she was at LA and I was just like " ................ Dafuq :) "
Did you know the smallest available size in #twilight tshirts is xl? And they do NOT come sleeveless.
is presenting at our next program. Have you ever used Yelp.com?
Good luck today nan love you loads!!<3
Jrue Holiday just hit 2 daggers in a row
I am great. We need together soon. I haven't seen you in forever
Thanks again. Looks like we have a good start. We'll start doing our research and making some contacts!
your welcome (:
i forgot who u are :(
Watching American Pickers...yay
www.ryantinesday.com - yes, please.
Yay! I hope you get to do reviews of Emotobooks!
I want Subway<\3
Happy Easter Facebook friends!
Huge dunk by from
David Conley (EPIC) sees grade 12 as opportunity for deepening K12 & #highered collaboration; acknowledges states need to play a role.
OMG, thought we were already following. Totally fixed that now! RT : How about a follow?
How long does it have to go on? This punishment? Haven't I done time enough,haven't I served my term? can't I apply for a pardon?_T Williams
I'll pick you guys up from the DMV don't worry.
Loving my SDSU and tonight!!
brown sugar an roast in oven at 425° for 20-25mins and turn them oc
Revolution in #Libya?
Had a great co-organizer meeting yesterday - talked website, first meetup, and Hildy J. DM to get on our mailing list!
Nothing Much just dropping my Best Friend off :(
Why is A Bag Of Weed trending?
enjoying everything from the kitchen and the bar. Glad to have a new great spot in town!
Welcome to twitter, Todd!
Better to lose count while naming your blessings than to lose your blessings to counting your troubles.
We help promote player on our website everything is free
We need an independent sheriff who isn’t connected to the Deputy Sheriff’s Association, but is connected to public welfare.
Dwight D. Eisenhower. Peyton Manning. Johnny Morris. The Dictator as played by Sacha Baron Cohen. How'd I do?
With one more fumble he'll have 6 in 3 games...
we need to have #vapeproblems soon!
Everyday I feel like i'm wasting away valuable time in college that I could use to better animals but that'll change soon. Pray for me
STAY FRESH and Good Morning world.
an accesory to murder would go great with this outfit
and to love you is to know me
...kinda. Wait, didn't I just tell you to not do that?! ;)
Tennessee game again Saturday...(:
3 big parties coming up lol
we could do it WHEEL big, bigger than you ever done it
Smoke Something Bitch -Pimp C Voice-
I keep trying to "like" tweets.
That's some serious sales tax :)
glad to see you're on Twitter. I love your pork tacos!
tonight catch my CLUB KISS mix at 1:30 am on 1035 KISS FM Chicago & live stream on 1035KISSFM.com!
Just take her with you
We would love for you to come try one of our small group training sessions on us!
i had no idea the name jordan meant descent, flow down. that's cool!
#1 reason so disappointed #chris paul trade was blocked, was ready to see become a new #Lakers fan! Lol
Love IT! You're just where you should be :) We're doing NCAA here ...
Jesus: They then stripped Me bare before placing a short red garment over My head and then placed a palm branch in my right hand.
- that is a quite absolutely beautiful and tremendous Truth ! Thanks for sharing ! JL16
I fell asleep early last night, idk why I'm still tired.
So true. I went to his college and he gave a talk. There was something melancholy behind the grit and wry humor.
Good morning!
#np Arlington Drive - Man Overboard. I fucking love this song/band.
To all the procrastinators out there: good enough is the new perfect.
Always taste your words before you spit them out.
Special heartfelt thanks to my JB family for a memorable weekend
fuuuck. friday needs to hurry up and get here.
"You cannot get away from #Solar energy: bask in the sun, drying clothes on the clothes line, sail a boat."
Thank you for the shout out! You're one smart cookie. People would be silly not to listen to you.
the messages were viewed and yes you first! Email us your mailing information at
ooh. It went great. It was a hall meeting but I did meet all the ppl in my pod lol
Music helps children begin to understand the history, culture and customs of people from around the world.
Bitch get a life“ Your superior RT @ Bitch who are you“ Lol Is this a joke? I've seen dog shit cuter than you"”
just wanted to say, loving your twit pic.
Yeah we have the same taste, atleast one of them made, but he will get a record deal by morning. :)
Its not the dog in the fight, its the fight in the dog. All bark no bite ? Ill be the 2nd to bark n the first to bite
Everyone does this cute thing, where they ignore my existence.
Take a shot for me
hahahahaha of course. And scooter is justins closest advisor with kenny and moshe as the secret service
To all my actor friends, colleagues, et al: Okay, today the ballots go out. Vote YES.
Am I in love? OMG!! hehe
MY MAMA TAUGHT @ THE NEW KALAMAZOO CENTRAL HIGH FROM 1983-1992... THATS HOW I MET DEREK JETER B4 HE BECAME A YANKEE
Nothing like an ice bath double date with Bconvey on Saturday afternoon.
I'm assuming that the person who coined the phrase "It's better to give than to receive" had never experienced oral sex.
Beautiful night in Kansas City.
Yay Its so awsome we get Wheel Of Fortune back on at 7pm here again in INDIANAPOLIS
Heather isn't winning..
Nice win by #Brewers today, our pitching is looking good again, relief guys much better than St. Louis series.
wow you're a dick
Thanks for the sweet tip on late night caffeine, followers. Oh wait. You guys are useless.
In geometry taking a test that I will fail!!!!!!!!!
A good friend died last week Her demons got the best of her. She could not find help because she had no insurance We should all be ashamed.
Charles Barkley accidently called Kawhi Leonard "Kwame." That should be good for his ego.
I have a ticket for at the Independent on May 17th. Anyone want to make me an offer for it?
Its Hard To Swallow When U See Me Huh?...Speak Up Nigga!!
what's he going to do when they strike Iran?
I'm pretty happy with batt. Tho haven't got to try 4g yet...
LMFAO oh , yes my mom is going hahah
it's not exactly loneliness.
i dont even need to hear the challenge, has way more heart and talent than you, i knew him personally, HE WILL OWN YOU
Good evening tweeters the quote of the day is: Take time to PLAY... It is the secret of perpetual youth.
Happy to share my thoughts on valued added analysis at #aiip webinar. Always interested in other views.
don't get too attached to Denzel's character!
LOL what's up?
San Francisco > Oakland Does that make me a yuppie?
Really a question for I'll note, though, that this one's more of a directory/census than an #altac survey. +
we just posted our notes for hosting icon camps. you could totally organize one in toronto!
Becoming relevant online has to do with exposure! Be a part of the Shastic family! Publish your online portfolio for free! www.shastic.com
hahahah i feel the same way
trying to figure out something to do -.-
it saddens me,out of all the people in our great nation,that this is the only people we get to elect from as our president
Workin on some new bling and some bag designs too! Maybe ready at the shop tomorrow
Thanks James Xee you there 7pm PST RT : Looking forward to talking . with guest . tomorrow
I just dropped a fork on my big toe :( that's some serious pain.
The oddest partnership: Spiderman and OPI nail polish.
Great, thanks I will check your page out!
OMG! Thank you Madonna for performing for my birthday!!!
Hello, just sent a message from recruitinggamechangers.com. Would love to discuss cross promotional opportunities.
Schooling my girls...ain't gonna have no basic bum bit*he's for nieces...not on my watch...So I keep it funky and hide nothing !
I love the pink bow sticking out of that hat!
Currently geeking out to articles with titles like "Robot-assisted energy-efficient data collection from high-fidelity sensor networks."
Not vry familiar w/prep schools, but pretty familiar w/jucos&who I wud recommend Sum great teachers juco level
I am an american girl with one dream, for you too follow me.
how can I get one??
Didn't know finding adult dance classes would be this hard.I just want to bust a sober move on a floor that isn't covered in beer.Sometimes.
um it's my birthday night so....
Hi Kathy! How r we on this fine evening? ;-)
Dont toy with my emotions.
Does Ciroc make Red Wine???
EXTO... Lets slap the ask and take out AUTO. After he's gone were off to a 10 bagger easily
just had a great conversation with , Director of this is definitely a project to follow
Leaving soon for Sam Patch. So should you
#AtNumber1GirlTour its gonna be crazy.....craziest tour so far :O
Power just went out here. Someone forgot to pay the bill!
panel discussion the future of Jewish education. So interesting to hear from some of the thought leaders.
#idol great new do on Erika!
Pop What up Bro!
Have a good night :)
If sharky says it I know it's real
RT “: You don't need Xcode / Don't need no SDK / You just need coffee / That's made-in-a fussy way" That's almost right :-)
Tonight is Karaoke Tues! Bring your friends, come on down & sing a song or two. Start @ 9pm, all night happy hour + hourly specials!
Always a treat sitting in the middle seat of an airplane...next to a crying infant and a dog.
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!!!!!! Have an awesome time tonight at the show!!!! :)
Any school in 's #SEC RT : It's Star Wars Day. Which college football program would represent The Dark Side?
Listening to say anything and wishing i was at mandy k instead of doing chores... GO CHOKE ON YOUR IRONY! I love max bemis!
Farscape was the shit. Among the very few decent original shows to come out of the "Syfy" crap-generator.
A room full of prospective students & parents at Jefferson High School. The Middle College community info night is about to start!
We might have an interview with soon! Very excited! :)
Music coalition
THANKS new Followers!
Huzzah indeed! Although, I wish you could join us for the movie tonight. >:(
long night man lol thats all i can say
In need of a hair cut ... Time to even out my hair ..
Both & are at #NASPA12 but their prog proposal "Honest Insights on SA" was rejected.
Be sure to catch us live on air tonight at 9pm with Tony Stone!
finally got a twitter like you told us to, lol. Hope everything is good, homie.
Dave Whitis is we$theme$$ on PS
I dont know if youve already gotten this question but what in the world happened to Mitch McGary that made him move to #21?
hey I moved back to houston was wonder if you have any places for rent I saw the message you sent me
Unplug it for about 10 seconds. Then plug it back in and power it on. Should reboot.
haha. i immediately thought of you when i read that article.
have fun!
Although our party ends at 10pm, will be taking our gift card door prizes all night long....
Join us for Happy Hour tonight and enjoy a $5 Bee's Knees or Mimosa! 5-8pm. Any brave souls want to try the new Ghost Chile tequila?
no he ain't
Packed lively house last night and nearly sold-out house tonight for #TwoGents! Life is good.
Got an invitation last week to be on Hoarders, but now I can't find it in my office. Damn this mess.
I am so ready for some travel softball!
The anticipation of a tornado is worse than the actual tornado....just like anything else I guess. sigh.
Man I was real mad. Before it opened it sounded like the illest place on Earth lol. It was disappointing.
What is your conversion rate? Let us send you some information.
well don't get me wrong, I love RKelly.
lets fucking go
My phone can pissoff.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation week Congrats to MD chem teacher Michelle Shearer 2011 Teacher of the Year!
Albert Pujols' wife insulted by $26 million/yr for 5 years offer by the Cardinals.
Ok, So i've embarked on a New Begining for a New Year. It's a bold move for certain, but, I'm ready to see what it will bring.
Andy's starting Wednesday at AA, then he probably gets 1 more rehab start & returns in mid-May, most likely replacing Garcia
Wanna be my best friend? Bring me a Milkyway...
-- Why would you drop a closer for a non-closer?
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks
63. If your intention is casual, make sure your date understands that.
Thank you for following Paige and I Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt.Help families by donating
One of our guests brought from his cellar. Very fun treat!
irritated does not even begin to explain my feelings right now!
As a teacher/tutor I must have deep knowledge of subjects I teach. I am not saying others should.
Researchers use mathematics to fight cancer - Medical Xpress
p(^o^)q you hit my face D;
Bout get ready and go to the gym.. hopefully im the only one there
I survived the camp in with 4th graders at pacific science center. 2 more hours until a good day's nap.
hahah very true! But I feel like you were just trying to rhyme you lime(:
fine! go the fuck ahead! by the time you'll reach delhi, the plate will be kept absolutely clean for ya!
Teaching you things like learning how to better manage your cash flow, I'm sure. OK, noon on Sat and Sun, every other day is work.
Feraim is such a jerk!
Anthony Kiedis can put his shirt back on...he's down to a two pack....when the 8 pack is back, maybe...a little muffin top in back too!
-_______- jerk! So are you still bringing my surprise tomorrow? And my hoodie?
Sharon is figuring out Twitter!
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you. ♥
Wow- Christian is HOT. How could I forget that?
haywood making me mad
my phone has a mind of it's own and won't turn off the screen aka dies like a bitch. BUYING iPhone TODAY. JUMP ON THE TRAIN!!!
already did ^.^
Yes, but it forces you to pass self as a parameter, completely negating the benefit of a closure.
Thank you!
an old perv keeps talking to you
cool! next up Clinical Fellowship and you can rock your CCCs
So many amazing shows yesterday #mmw. at Armani Exchange , showcase at Tantra. What is everyone getting into today?
just about to leave in 10 min. Want to come. There is room in my car
U will get much better results if u pretend the B in B-Roll stands for Beauty not Bullsh**t. Or call it something else i.e Abstract Poetry
RT : Received the endorsement today! Proud to be a strong advocate for our public employees!
Wow, it could GO either way!!
Watch Shawn Leigh Alexander on An Army of Lions: The Civil Rights Struggle Before the NAACP at Kansas City Public Library...
come out Iam almost there
#justsayin when you step in some water wearing socks -.- not fun
The weather is making this spring break look great
awww whhhatttttt white is so much better :P
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. -Miguel De Cervantes
Been out all day doing wedding stuff, spiritual counseling, cake tasting & visit to the hotel we booked whew!
#ThingsMyMotherSays You think that's funny. Right?
They got all kinds of kush!! Lol
#UShouldnt act like your not
Tats all on me. Money all on me. Foot loccer my next stop I had to get dis cash off me
I want pretty green eyes 😞
Groupon: brings in unqualified leads and have really low retention rates. Don't do it out of desperation!
Hola, Ya'all - 2 nite in the ATX - Romeo's from 8-10. Break from F Fest & chill w/ NZ & Cleveland Goodman. Free...
I will only watch smackdown if I know for sure will be on it!
@ greenyclay92 it only gets us closer to spring break!
Going to the studio in a few...... Success doesn't rest, therefore I cannot until I have it....
Hope you'll post the living rich article! One of my fave books is The Millionaire Next Door ... same concept; great advice!
Midcentury furniture hunting is addictive :)
is really in need of a NAP!!!
haha it's actually not, but now that you mention it I think you did say something like that didn't ya? ;)
Thanks for the RTs, mentions:
Do football people like Chris Berman? Cuz I hope his throat catches on fire one day and he never talks again, ever.
may be able to find it in the discount rack too. If not let me know and I'll burn a CD and do the snail mail thing.
hahah! You are so right!!
Yeah baby !
The incumbents are garrisoned on google
either as long as they govern minus special interest are unbiased and know the power belongs to the people not politicians.
Is it wrong that the wife dreads the day #Madden12 releases...she already knows she's not seeing me n the bed for a few nights
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 6
Mastering the first song for the #Mamba Project
Incredible! Thank you.
Hoping they never end up on the same job site!
Thank you for the retweet love for the show at Linneman's in
1- im tell you the rest after you tell me ;D
U kno u had a good workout when ur whole body hurts 2 days later
Dropped at work and gettin ready for my shift- it's rough bc I miss him- So, I'll just be lookin forward to tonight!
Great location for sign Now on to my torta!
the cute little thing about a smile :)
Valentines day....that's about all I can say about that..
trying to write a new weather blog but new website software is not agreeing. Maybe can help me out!
If you guys would be willing to give us a #FF mention today, that would be all kinds off awesome
Just announced: w/ and live at The Loft! Friday November 4th! Visit tkgmusicgroup.com for info
I'm getting a report that a crowd is waiting outside the Nike Store at MOA. Apparently the new Jordan's have them fired up!
HEY EVERYONE!! GO FOLLOW MAKE YOUR LIFE A BIT BETTER (:
that would be a good idea. Thank. I knew you would know what to do
is it crowded at Cliff Hagan Stadium?
Naughtiness and a Time Out
Have any #NPOs actually seen positive results from a grant? Seems to me like $ limits on ads = no one sees them
what no Blazin wings this time? I hope the order went off without a hitch! The band is playing Jan 14th. Stop by!
oh NOW I get the coveted follow.....hehe!!!
you act like you didnt do anything wrong.
Holy Discontent = something's not right...someone has to do something...that someone is me!
Thanks for the suggestion to follow me! :)
I blame Hulu. RT Appeciate the unemployment comic; I'm unemployed through May and have the same goals and realities.
can't wait for this #summerjam line up to be released!! Going crazzyyy!
at the shop trying to get some work done....lol
thanks for the follow -see you at the event!
Found the stencil and so stenciled the newly painted becnh with lady bugs, dragonflies and frogs.
hell ya!!! p.s we better get more alaric thursday
hi me yeah hello
Well I'm at my sister's job, but I'll be working here pretty soon.
#daylightsavings, #sxsw, #springbreak have joined together to turn my world upside down this week!
Historians should think about websites as books - they should be interpretive. #AHA2012 Hardtack and Software: Digital Approach to Civil War
Goodnight World! Tomorrow is a new day filled with endless possibilities!
haha true that...they both have talent and they are both injury risks, but Ingram's line probably puts him over the top
the picture with your blog is SO sweet! Just love it!
Thanks for the follow, !
you just bought jeans with holes in them
Hey, nothing says "I'd like to be friends with you" like an automated ad.
Christmas Open House tomorrow! 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Refreshments and a FREE gift for you just for stopping in.
#freezing in line
Who's going to buy a jersey for the upcoming season???
Anyone who loves KPOP/Korean culture-follow me :)
I love Alex tho
It's a beautiful day, so I'm @ the park letting my daughter get it in!
#Imagine Louis: Roses are red, violets are blue, God was feelin’ good when he made you. :)
when are you coming back on a&e miss watching it, ttyl
yes but a project like that has high asset management costs. If you can't get it leased out
i need your bible homework dude...
today's accomplishment - glued the hackney pony back onto its base. it goes into the display case tomorrow. bonus! c's clothes are folded
Who do you think UW lands out of Shaq, Payton, Brostek, Mickens, Beaver, and Kenny Walker? A clean sweep would sure improve this class...
WIN A 2011 MERCEDES BENZ BY MAKING A $20 CONTRIBUTION TO "THE WARREN LEE FOUNDATION FOR VETERANS,INC VISIT OUR WEBSITE "WLFoundation.com".
One down, four to go...
I Only Smoke Blunts If They're Rolled Proper
haha I saw are video
2more weeks and we're out of school
unfollowed me. . oh well! i still love him n his music no matter what
thank you, I appreciate it!
"Don't hate, it's too big a burden to bear." Martin Luther King
Can you pls follow me?I promise I'll followback just tweet me if you did ♥̨‎​ (⌒ヮ⌒)
A word to the wise: Don't open 125 tabs in oXygen it will slow down
#GameChangeBaltimore : "She's doing great!" "..There's 88 more minutes!"
i want to hear "So Many Girls" by
let's go!
Sunshine your my bestfriend. Text me bitches! <33 (:
is Mars a Chicago suburb?
I got bout hella tests tomorrow
Four ballet parents and the teacher all wearing hoodies at class today GERALDO.
Late at night waiting for a guy to sweep you off your feet because HE doesn't, just leave him, you deserve much more than you think
Nah, it just means you're a good twitizen.
wild pitch advances the runners
when does the next good vibes come out?
Oh so tired but can't sleep...... Ugh!
would love to see the crippler I saw vs Akiyama again. #Fan4life after that scrap. Good luck to you CL
Need a new twitcon.
There's nothing I can do
This RT : Missing the days of the bowler hats and mod uniforms, none of which are in evidence here.
sounds like fun!
well now I'm home 😏
Your welcome LAL did their part for u!
Yay! I feel special :)
#ILikeThatAlot if a boy was sweet as and if a boy who can treat his girlfriend right (:
Hey thanks for the heads up, but I like much better.
Sorry, I missed the game, but definitely glad to see you are better and back in the lineup!
#EmailMarketing Tip 14: TEST! Do A/B split tests constantly. Subject lines, offers, text-only vs images, call-to-action, day-part, etc.
The NBA needs its golden boys from NYC in the playoffs. Time to ruin that shit. Let's roll Milwaukee!
How come?
did your experience happen because you're so hot or because there was a short circuit with the wiring?
I woke up to support from a lot of people telling everyone to follow and check out us today! I can't thank you all enough <3
At the Stogie shop posted.
Nope, staff mtg. I think I've spent over 10 hrs this yr listening to lectures abt time sheets. So pointless!
Society for Standards Professionals is pleased to announce the new Executive Director, Mr. Mike Morrell
P2V backup solutions coming soon...
Anybody ever been to #CLUBSTILETTOS in #CINCINNATI ?????
Finished presenting. Hope we impressed the judges
u be safe homeboy.
Good night moon.
how fun! I need to visit. Do you like it there? How is school?
can't wait to bring GAIN to #Android! Need to get it right on iPhone first. AND we're now looking for an #Android developer.
Kids would be lost if we when back to using encyclopedias & text books
terrence howard will star in “fellini black & white.”
Toshiba announces three new Android tablets
I feel like I never see any of my friends anymore! This must change!
I cannot wait till summer...
WHAT THE FUCK CHUCK?!
We will have to get some sushi sometime soon, Zach.
I'm a big fan of Fran and I'm passionate about the cause. Thanks for all you do.
Finished Cataloging and Action Research classes. Two As = happy future librarian.
Happy heart day!!! I love valentines day! :) I hope your day is full of love and happiness!
#BVBforsuperbowl2013 come on bvb army we can do this!
One's first book, kiss, home run, is always the best.
of! well hows the fight goin?
They should rename the women's clinic to the Hispanic women's clinic...
miss you too bruh! How's sleeping makes been treating you?
manic monday
#HBCUvsPWI with and #ColorMeBlack with #AlphaPhi is TONIGHT! Join us.
Cold weather blah #iwant summer again "/
are you serious?
There's always one teacher who makes you get nervous inside.
so very awesome!
Thanks for tuning in tonight everybody!
I hate it when people just text "K"..
That was a Webapper company excursion to Colorado in 2009. 2 day speed rally through the mountains.
RT if you have #neversaynever3D on dvd or blue ray! (purple ninjas)
W H A T !? Lol I practically lived there last summer. SOO GOOD! There's one in Colerain (:
never taking a bad pic ;-) BTW Happy Mothers day,enjoy bc Lord knows you earned it
New shirt design is in the works today. Let's see if the idea in my head can get become reality. It takes a few weeks from idea to apparel.
Excitement is contagious! Catch it and see how you feel.
Dangerous driving with this rain! Be careful!
sadly won't be playing East End Fest thanks to one idiot bar owner in particular.
Holy effing sh!$! was so funny that I peed a little!!! Excited to work on the tour in Minneapolis!
I will give it a try. But I'm already pretty tired.
Sunsweet, you've had 50 years to solve the problem. Time to admit that the wrinkles are a feature, not a bug. Declare victory and go home.
#HowToGetRejected show up for a date in sweats. Door in yo FACE! GTFOH!
Want to do something New with my Hair but I really want to keep it Red.
right?!?:) haha so much in my mind! Ah:)
Jobs are askin 4 PICS now, I didn't know I had to look the part to sell coffee or Italian food... Job hunting SUCKS!!!!
you could be right ;)
Student evaluations, talked about final exams, lectured on United States of Europe(?).
"I've got a feeling that tonight is going to be a good good night" Easily my least favorite song when I am partying at night.
i've been riding back and forth visiting family im going back home now. i'm gonna be riding for 4 hours.
Night Twitter ..Haven't heard from my Bf in 2weeks ...
It's the Rickenbacker that does it. The 12-string electric guitar is the greatest sound in the universe. 🎸
We are at the today! Be sure to stop by-look for us behind home plate!
It was at a KCAI intern thing yesterday.
When a girl posts a pretty picture on facebook, nobody likes it, When a girl posts a picture with her boobs in the camera, everyone likes it
I'm hxc and you're not
it feels like everyone has decided to build their own shopping cart..:)). More than 500 shopping carts on the market..wow
did you see ellen's show today? She dressed up as Sophia and the dj dressed as you. It was super cute!
#datanewoil all of our concepts about privacy are all based on shared PHYSICAL space - translation problem to online world
If you do choose to rush, be yourself & join a group based on their values & goals. Both you and the chapter will be better off that way!
It's like no matter when I go to bed I still wake up at 8:30 #why?!
Shannon Briggs Is Worth Risking 2 Boxing Betting Units at +950 Moneyline to upset Vitali Klitschko
hi . my name is sotong ? your name? ( potong sotong )
I've seen you use the litter box and now you admit you want to be a cat. YOUR CAUGHT lolz
G.M.N.I.: Shyt has me on edge thinkin' bout my 3 younger bros all the time. I can't see one of them leaving this earth before I do.
It was really weird, when this thing started, to hear lawyers and MTV people calling me and actually saying 'ButtHead.' People tried
Hi Dave!! *big smile* It is a beautiful day out today! Hopefully my crazy schedule will slow down soon so we can hang out.
Jesus, me too.
Only Davidson failed me so far
WE BUY GOLD! PAY MOST ! WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99! WE SIZE WATCHES , REPAIRS!great deals all week $ START NEW YEAR SAVING!
who won't be there?
packer fan followers needed lmao
DP10 is getting backlash b/c they are directly calling out women, tongue-in-cheek or not, still pisses off the feministas.
like liquor? 😳
I don't think campaign $ is a topic they regularly address--didn't see much about it on their site.
thank you! How did you do on #zapcash?? We are still waiting for the results from the web guys! This one was super hard!
This is the second time my day has been made by Brussels sprouts today.
I'm so glad you led a tour! Lucky, lucky freshmen. Cute dress, by the way!
Great exchange with Christian Parenti!
Mortgage Bankers Association releases prediction that 2012 will be lowest recorded production since 1997 at $9.3 B
": We bout to be on some real spontaneous issh ... #brooklyn" <---- its was all her idea!!
Great shot of Thanks!
Thanks Twitter for suspending for no apparent reason
The fact that the #Coyotes are 20 minutes away from playing the #Kings in the Western Conf Finals is insane.
The Government will help banks but not USPS? How fucked
Who's going to to see tomorrow for MURDER AT THE LANTERNE ROUGE? Can't wait!
ME TO!!!! we need to spread this around school.
um....eww. You also forgot to add that you snore like an old man.
Just failed epically....
How many breakfast spots do you have? We've got 6! YUM!
thanks for all the new followers lol can't wait to announce the surprise we have for
"Soul Man" was written by Isaac Hayes and David Porter. Steve Cropper played on both the original Sam & Dave recording, and the Blues Brothe
Shotout right back atcha ;) Adn don't forget to #Dash-It!
Did you just see me on the ABC pre-game special!? How'd my hair look?
“: You know when that girl you thought you'd marry dumped you? That plus getting kicked in the nuts is what this is. Fml.”
More is less! Buy one get one free Big Mac Sandwiches, Quarter Pounder with Cheese Sandwiches and Egg McMuffins!
I hurt it off a rebound so what now homie
New Law: The American mind your business act. - If it happens in your house, it's your business.
Wise words!
Shanny will go after next Elway at #4 RT And what r draft ramifications of this? Redskins must win so no QB taken at 4, right?
Hmm. What's up ? Premier line is just as long as regular boarding passes.
Sephora makep line is actually good!=) i partivulary like the concealar and gloss
RT : Today's #ThankATeacher day. Which teacher do U have to thank for fostering your love of the arts?
My shoes are trying to kill me today. Or I have been dosed with klutzy dust (like pixie dust, except less happy). One of those.
RT : God is great...beer is good ...and people are crazy...>God is great, beer is nasty, and women are crazy!!
Ima still work hard on these two sprained ankles cus I'm a mtf G
AAAAHHHHHH!!!! YAY BAYBAY!!!!! I am so stoked for him!!!! :o)
when don't you want to want to go to a "sketchy strip club"? Haha
You bet I could ;-)
Ream #TOWIE love that show. Haha
- Um, are e-mail servers down or something? I haven't been able to get into my Windstream account since last night.
Happy Mother's Day from all of us at Millennia Atlantic University!
RT "Nothing is a greater stranger to my breast…than that…detestable one, ingratitude." - George Washington
We have 2 new servers ready vpn-sf55 & vpn-sf56 Dynamic IP PPTP/L2TP/SSTP server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
By the looks of it, is living in the dining room #moveout :)
nothing better than waking up to 11:11 playing :D why don't you say were more than friends?(; such a great tune!:D
1 thing I dislike about living in Hawaii. So much has happened in the world already and I'm just waking up and it's only 7:30a...lol
#first40songsonshuffle 16. fall out boy - sophomore slump or comeback of the year
Excellent Leo, thanks a lot for the info. Have been interested in Camara Obscura lately. :)
yes :))) I want toast
But 10K genealogists can't be wrong RT : it was listed as a "promoted" tweet, which means it was paid to be a trend.
: is putting on an original afro-latino musical here in #DC. Check it out: refresheverything.com/gala
*cough*BOYFRIEND*cough*
Good conversation and engagement last night ladies in #HRD2011UR. Thanks for making the semester so enjoyable.
HA! Woulda been great promotion. Sigh.
RT #SomethingEveryoneCantDo tweet in a tutu :)
Listening to my beautiful wife - - train the next generation of abolitionists at
right here my man
I'm backk :D
flying across the middle, again ... well sort of, headed to Phoenix
Obama is asking for 450 billion dollars for jobs plan for another failure. America, we have to wake up
I wanna go to the moves. To have sex there.
Happy Friday, everyone. I hope all you Oakies enjoy your weekends!
you blew up my phone
Oh Robert's voice is so sexy, he has to use a condom while speaking, otherwise he'd knock us up. (;
Looks like I may be on my way to Europe for a three year tour at SNK, Bratislava, Sk. Likely to be the largest digital archiving project...
Today in 1941, the Jews of Lesko, Poland, were transported to Zaslaw, Poland, and executed
Hanging out with #likeaboss :)
The Boston MSBL Age 30+ Tryout is Sat, March 3. The MABL Age 18+ Tryout is Sun, March 11. Both are 8AM at Extra Innings in Woburn.
uh oh. We'll get it worked out. Chat with and we'll get you all set for tomorrow.
yes please.
Working out the dancers
So excited for our family trip to Phoenix this week! Lots of planning and packing for the next couple days...
and they're coming back this summer again all of the girls in my class are crazy to go to their conert *.*
We need the rich people so that the poor will have something to aspire to.
My brother always says nothing happens before the fullness of time. Hoping my time is full because I'm ready!
offensive sets still could use work at times.
this is very true!
I'm not getting the love for 21 Jump Street. It's better than expected, I guess, but how are its dick jokes better than other's dick jokes?
thats mad vicious
Sometimes I'm not sure who to listen to.
Taking on the big boys! Check out #blekko - hopes to rival bing and google
no but often via business networking I make business partners which become friends
3 Free Apps For Getting Things Done
Sunday clears away the rust of the whole week. ~Joseph Addison
": Coming soon (this week, I hope) - zooming ability on 1853 SF, plus 1853 San Mateo." Looking forward to it!
Preparing my presentation for the Air Force IT Conference in Montgomery, AL.
check our site out today and Join its free!! Artist's sell your music keep your money!
Last night was good. Definately need to do that again soon! :)
been MIA for a bit...will be back and tweeting in just a few more days! take care till then tweeps! keep spreading the love!
you won't regret it!!
It's a gorgeous day for a Southern BBQ. Malbon Brothers and 97.3 The Eagle will be at Southern Dodge-Chrysler-Jeep-Ram from 12-2!
Seems like MTV is moments away from just using people’s vacation footage as television programming
Had a great time building with my man !
ill try and get you one!! I miss you!
I'm hungry ...!!!! Hm either this Curry or subway ...!! Decisions decisions lol
Very cool...well, Arkansas of course...no one can outdo us for tornadoes! It's one of the few things we're good at! : )
Please don't look any better than you already do :) it would be criminal
Yeah it be ridin!
This guy! RT : How many of you alums are back in town this weekend to celebrate 120 years?
I love getting back to 1211 so I can use my Sonic Care tooth brush. 😁
#Itscutewhen ur niece calls yu and says "please come to our house and bring us some chocolates! :-) :-)
Thank you Annie :)
Thanks! We've got a family visit to Legoland planned. Would love a tour guide!
I love watching Tony Allen play. Love those NBA players that are all about defense
good luck!! Try & keep it together
I wish they made drive-thru ice creameries. I would be their best customer.
i lost 2 followers! )':
finocchio, tarocco, san marinese cappaletti, panettone, listening to records on the phonograph = perfect italian christmas with the fam.
Just saw the most incredible shooting star
Ha! Remedied Twitter lawyer retained. Lol
Boys are like songs, you can never get them out of your mind.
dying to see someone yank #Ryan Malone down on the ice by his mustache tomorrow. make this happen!
Great question Vic! A quick calculation would be the number of years you plan on being retired times the $/year you will need.
"when did we get old?"
Working super hard to keep my beach body! Woo! \( °o°)/
Oh I hear you on that one, I used Home Grocer and they bailed on me too.. I might have to try Amazon....
gonna play Wii with the brother! <3 bbl
Sounds of Anacostia on the air right now. arkradio.tumblr.com. come by any time! Thanks ! Very very cool.
: In the Organizing for Online presentations. Missed 10 minutes. Not bad considering traffic. Great class so far.
classic underrated Dr. John. It's the b-side to Right Place Wrong Time
It is not ok for a man to use a woman for her time and body.
Hi Mr. Thompson, so delightful meeting you tonight! Hopefully next time you see me I won't be in a boot, haha! xo! JenR
Hey.... what's going on?
Beautiful! I like La Muerte a lot.
I want soupy
We're watching Australian baseball. Who should we cheer for?
I hope she trends<3
#uneedhelp y because he's buff but probably has a small wanker though!? Jst saying... Hell he might be gay...
Lining up my pole
Fingers crossed is right!
Vegas tomorrow! 😁
GREAT answer...LOL
I am sad I wasn't able to make your graduation but I love you and I'm proud of you!!!
great work, luke!
Thanks for the hugs and you made yesterday special : )
you're awfully quiet today. busy day?
"Somebody Up There Likes Me." Down here, it's another story.
Looking at the netgalley site I realized they refer to their users as "Professional Readers" I love that!
Kerry Wood is still in the Majors? I'll be darn!
fuck yeah, knew you would be. tix go on sale regular ol ordinary day may 4th;) $25
you are seriously hysterical
This game is horrendous
is the hey song gonna make a comeback?
Never forget where you came from
Game day! #SportingKC takes on #MontrealImpact tonight at LSP. Make sure you head on out!
same here ha! This game too close lol
Want a free download from ? Visit www.weareBLAC.com
I Like Your Name
Be always at War with your bad habits, at Peace with your Loved Ones, and let each New Year find you a better person
I went through the airport yesterday and got to go ahead of about 100 people. Never thought breastmilk would be a benefit!
I never understood the point of the chicken dance
slowly dying inside watching all these #teenwolf commercials. is it june yet?
XS for Steve Aoki and Afrojack Probably skipping the $1500 event tomorrow
can't wait for you to join us!!!! ;)
The gym fixes everything.
im speechless! I assumed TK was not mortal. yeah his paintings are gonna skyrocket. Now scholars might take him seriously...
ah right yes sorry :p. And what that sucks x
Man, let me put this bong away.
San Francisco, you are so bi-polar. Choose one type of weather and stick to it!
bring your busted behind vehicles!! Let's get it.
It was actually 7.3%. Still a great number! “: Over 70% of undergrads have grandparents who graduated from #uwgrad”
As I was just saying...wait, what was I saying?
Superior dance skills?
Hello there! May i get a follow! :-D
but I don't have a saggy pussy
When im mad I can't sleep
This guy right next to me is feeling on himself D:
i wana dye ma hair back to Black :)
Rethinking the Unthinkable At #TEDx Evergreen
we all trry
Iight!!! I been here since Thursday..
ATTN: Who wants to go to the Cornbread eating contest with me and tomorrow at ???
#WBWednesday Work began on Bmore Women Build, here's your fun Wednesday fact: Victoria Woodhull (1838-1927) First woman to run for President
Nice little 3.6 mi #run on the GVG out of Mt. Morris... Keepin' it easy after banging out a 20 mile trail run on the FLT yesterday!
so I've heard! I have a love affair with the city - so I'll be back for good by June 1. Wanna grab a cuppa joe sometime? :)
Up high girlfriend! Good for you!
RT : New #quickservice healthy #restaurant on the rise. One to Watch: Roti Mediterranean Grill
Yea, the mound is the reason Pettitte got shelled on Sun... Not the fact that he's 40 and not cycling anymore.
“: We all have that one friend who makes us laugh with their stupidity.”
Walking around my room half-naked, eating Goldfish crackers is my particular way of pre-gaming before I head to my favorite bar.
Thanks for the mention, have a great weekend!
Glad it lived up to the hype! I'm planning on catching it next week.
- just started a GAE & twython project in fact.
Life is not about waiting for the storms to pass... It's about learning how to dance in the rain. Vivian Greene
miss you too sweetie!!
I'll see you soon, enjoy dessert
DID YOU FIND WALEEE!?
Just kidding. Forcing my kids to watch Jem with me. They're mocking it, as expected, but it's fabulous.
I'd rather have more heart than talent any day. ~ Allen Iverson
likewise. Welcome to you as well, man!
Do you actually mix the songs together?
Ruth Bader Ginsburg tells Egypt to NOT consider the US Constitution as a guide to writing their own. Extolls S. Africa, Canada & EU.
I dunno if I should thank you or slap your face, LOL
Big news for Baltimore--more soon!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Mans! $20 Leases Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
so y u say goodnighht and ur name??? im lost
Team Lindsay
picked out a cute dress to wear tomorrow, gotta look hot...maybe you will notice me :P
i can always feel those butterflies in my stomach right before i know im going to see him <3
Thanks for the RT!
Took a Schick Hydro to my face and head; good-bye 2011, clean slate 2012.
concerts > life
edit edit edit
did anyone watch Pey's Ustream ? how was it !?
Mitch farmer how could I have forgot you...miss ya mate.
“I get high, I gravitate, Weezy F. Baby, b-tch, the F is for Fascinate.” -LilWayne #RacksFreeStyle (=
old #theoffice on netflix. S/O to damon for getting me hooked on it again
has landed a role....stay tuned
Sigh* Apartment searches lead to awkward texts this evening with shady agencies. Cc
Great idea=) Do you live in Colorado Springs?
I wasn't talking about regional accents- Nevadans get to choose the correct pronunciation of their state.
It's a win win for me.
I'm already knowing but you ain't the only one !
Trouble is U don't know how a person will play when they reach #Survivior and how producers chose to portray them.
yeah. Dude even has an ugly wife...
Thanks guys! stoked to hear your new stuff.
I'd like to ask for a moment of silence. If you need to know why, forget about it. (cc: )
Thanks. We're aware about that. Is on the shortlist to be resolved.
if you can rewind your tv...rewind it...he threw it where there was the most Lakers..better chance of a shot with .3 seconds.
Bahahaha well summer is right around the corner, so we can make it happen haha 👍
Karma: getting annoyed at someone for not spending time with me because they were busy, now I'm too busy and behind to do anything
Hahahah!! Same here :) I want to be a good influance on lexi so i don't curse anymore.
Is it bad that I forgot the Kentucky Derby was today?
haha. Yes yes(:
picked up by 2 networks. After the summer I can release videos
RT : RT : Calling UK crafts people: Want to sell your work at great trade fair in US? extende...
What to do, what to do today.
Yup I'm gonna get old now :(
peaches & cream from
of course i'm referring to shoes.
pussy cats?
Can't blame the BCS for this lame rematch.
The nastyest thing i ever heard was deep fried butter .
#PSU thirsty Thursday was 2 Hurricane 40oz. Now it's all Diet Coke and turkey meatballs.
like to thank our starting 17 followers. if you want your videos get more views, we need more followers.
Kick off your 4th of July weekend with great jazz at 1st & Hope: Friday, July 1st
With a lot of success, Comes a lot of negativity.
If that was my mustang in that wreck I would be pissed
happy birthday! U share your birthday with a pretty awesome lady, my mom.
And if the Euro collapses, I could soon have 7 billion stories to tell!
Far as I know, you were the best candidate and the reason I didn't apply because I assumed it would go to you. now I wonder
Go on google and type in askew and if the screen tilts...Reetweet !
Fuck im broke ! :/
So about these pictures of last night's ratchetry...
You have not Tweeted since Friday. I'ma steal your phone and unfollow the free shoes place if you don't start Tweetin'!
"I wasn't THAT drunk." ... "Dude, you took my parakeet, threw it at my piggy bank and yelled ANGRY BIRDS!"
Not really feeling this Chobani Strawberry Banana yogurt. Going to continue to stick with Yoplait!!!
Another screening is scheduled for Digifest April 20th at 7pm. More info to come.
*listens, not saying anything, rubs 's back*
Yes, I'm pretty sure they're set up over there.
What makes him dangerous is romney is a follower instead of a leader.Will always go with big money does know anything else.
Also, please remember to wear your yellow shirts at the rally at the LAUSD headquarters tomorrow!
Wow. Michael Jordan will interview Patrick Ewing for the head coaching vacancy.
I had an amazing week thank you tyrese and John hope Bryant for all of the amazing things you both said to me and thanks to Susan g komen
This is my 404th tweet!! The number's going up!!! :D
Have you guys seen #Google today? They are doing a great tribute to Gideon Sundback!
#NBA legend #GusWilliams of the #SeatleSupersonics now is playing #FantasyFootball win a signed Gus ball
yo my man! Does JR swish have a twitter? I know he used to
yes! That's my DLo!
- this is cute! My daughter would love it!
Supposedly The Pokemon video games are bringing families together. So after 14 years, Japan's plan to take over The USA is finally working.
this day just needs to end..
We appreciate it! RT : just finished my responses for their new brochures! Just have to find some photos.
lol girl you know i be playing :-)
be careful megabus drivers like to party. "MegaBus Driver Charged With Repeat DUI While On Duty" dlvr.it/s31dn
Our website will soon be going interractive..... We are looking for avid Saints fans that blog! DM me if interested.
I'LL CUT YOU FOO CUT YOU
Yes, I don't know about "working profile" butwe do have a google place setup as well. Nice meet'n U 2!
#np Chris Brown - Deuces (Remix) ft. Drake
Happy Birthday Sarah!!
Lord bless me! In need of your favor!
I wasn't able to make the LA shows. Any cities on the east coast being added soon? Please keep making music...I need it!!
I knew my investment in Elvis action figures would eventually pay off.
i luv u Guys so much ahh! I luv u I luv u
ightttt just text me when you're on yo way
Electric Avenue.
First impression is yea I'm getting a cold. Ugh.
Google+ is the fastest-growing website in history via Reuters. What is next in social media?
and how some people think we should all be eating bugs since they are so full of protein and rich. but also gross to westerners.
who was Jessica Chastain?
I heard that! ": The #HEAT are going 16-0 #2012Champs"
Me and goin on a moonlit drive jammin to Notorious B.I.G.
i'm always at work when my friends aren't and vice versa. so my life pretty much sucks.
Kvails is on draw something and bored in the car
john, have I told you lately that I love you? #serioustweet haha
Oh I see what you meant...I misunderstood your meaning at first.
Thank you! :)
ok I guess
You know what i hate when the securitys rush the one celebrity you love & you want to take a picture & they have to leave D;
sounding like a seasoned vet already.
Where is the coolest place to go to get something for free on your birthday?
I honestly care I just never show it. I hide things well.
smile. Dont worry better dayz are coming :)
hey can u dm me ur pops number
OMG this Jimmy Kimmel montage is LOL @&$$)@$
The pattern was less than 2 dollars. I bet the labor is priceless.
Hello ! We are so happy to have you stay with us! We'll look into your internet question right away.
#NDSA Bob Horton to be speaking later at / NDSA partners meeting, and BTW the Minnesota government is open for business again
WTF are "YOOman Rights"? Biden can't pronounce his "H"'s. More ramrod talk. #MTP #evict44 nobama #NoRamRod #noBigStick Can't Watch.
"He knows Bibby's game" - Harlan...Meaning he knows Bibby has been washed up for 5 years & buried him on the bench
Web 2.0 Keith Rabois at square - NFC payments - hardware of the transaction matter due to card present
Your physically match an angel, but your personality matches a demon.
studying for a big test during packing breaks. crazy busy in the Faber house w/ this move! house going on the market this week.
B2B vs. B2C is not as different as 1 might think. All about building relationships w/PEOPLE who your company can help.
An old friend will help you move. A good friend will help you move a dead body. - Jim Hayes
So excited about this. If I were in town this weekend I would be first in line to buy these!
The Derby is today....
How do they get a deer to cross at that yellow road sign?
Scouting for Girls, Lulu and Glee inspired G*Mania are just some of the performances you can look forward to for the Co-op's Birthday Bash!
Defensive battle ends with 5-4 Big 10 Pub victory vs Dexter's. Dexters led the majority of the way before 3 run A's rally in the 6th...
what's ur Skype name there's three different Chloe maslows lol
I'm doing my natural science project it about biodiversity
The Dream Talks Cheating on Christina Milian, Writing Hit Songs, Working with Kim Kardashian and More with “The Breakfast Club” [VIDEO]
been busy but doing pretty good. I have a new boyfriend and am so much happier
Thank god for blessing me to see 21 a lot niggas don't make it this far
There is nothing but a bunch of lonely people talking about what they want on fb, oh yeah and drama. smfh
not new in my book. Established franchise, open over 30 days and over 18 minutes in line to ask a question. I was NEXT.
Football has nothing to do with basketball, so it's not the same. Football has about 1/4 of the schedule. Every game means more
I can't stand when people sub tweet their ex. And the person they're talking to now. Get over it. 😒
RT Hey Mitch, your party doesn't want to "repair" the safety net. It wants to completely replace it with something else.
Today through Sunday the #houston #spca is adopting all #cats 8 months of age and older for eight #us dollars $8.00
Thanks for the shout out! We love being part of the Leisure section :)
fair enough. We've only just met. Carry on. But say hi to if you see him.
I am not, nor have I ever been, Sarah Phillips.
yeah, im changing my password after school..
So who has the better team for the Home Run Derby? The AL or the NL?
Now ex #Badgers PG Jordan Taylor on George Marshall: "George should be able to step right in and help [Wisconsin] not miss a beat next year"
Real housewives of nj cracking me up.
Thank you for being part of my life
Call all your anti-civ friends on their mom's cellphone to remind them that Tragedy is playing the Ottobar tomorrow.
#Mcdstories was clearly not the Egg McMuffin of social media campaigns.
hi jus wanted to say im a big fan n merry x-mas :)
“: at the Parkrose Heights Neighborhood mtg. Karen Gray speaking about school budget/bond issues."
You all set up with the work we did last night? Just checking...
Another amazing saturday night in #Boston ... 👎💤
yes tubas
How dare they leave! RUDE!
damn that shit looks like ya'll in Narnia
RT : I want a faithful relationship though..
Mark Sanchez proves that he isn't a leader by claiming new deal shows he's a leader.
hay girl hay, welcome to my world!
Imagine if they'd built a "Republican car." It will only be able to drive in reverse.
Just walking the entire PGA Expo. Feet tired, but some good stuff coming out soon in 2012
Boys being mean to girls.... ? I mean come on dude, we're not #InMiddleSchool anymore... Geez... :/
allergies? Happened to me last year for the first time too.
dayummmm u still have like 650 tweets to goo lmao
Then I produced my rapier.
RT : #IWNY is finally over. I say finally because I'm exhausted from all the meetings and networking. That said, lots of great...
because there are only six seasons, search the web for the Christmas specials!
Economic observations: 1st dates are up at local starbucks, but local realtors are still driving compact cars..
Starting drum tryouts this week!! Stoked.
Hey! Thanks for following me. I really hope you enjoy my artwork! :)
RT is hosting a #Special #App #Event starting tomorrow for 10 days. RaffleCopters r set up to promote apps.
Too much food. Grateful for being able to afford occasional gluttony.
silencio for favor
Lebron FreeGuns for 80$ ? Don't mind if I do.
haha okay, well we can go then! I'll let you know when we're on the way over
he does have great hair!
you listen to country?
sad sad day
soy de San Antonio
Just finished holding the Open Call today for a feature horror film. Thanks to all who came for the auditions!
When making pozole with canned hominy, do I need to prep w/ slaked lime?
psssstt Hi :D
editing some really nice video... my mouth is watering for Jean Baillette-Prudhomme! ;)
FINALLY! This sub I gunna be gone
Checking your phone every minute to see if they bothered replying <<<<<
I take traktor everywhere but he likes car rides, it all depends on the animal
"I don't watch hockey" please keep your opinion to yourself then.
Cabbie profiled in 's cabbie quiz is working on a film called "Waiting for the G" based on Waiting for Godot--LOVE IT!
i got amazing news with no one to share it with... =(
Came back to the hotel exhausted, dirty, and with a raging fever after visiting Angkor Thom + Phnom Bakheng. It was still amazing!
Science test today. I'm fucking screwed...
Thank you for the mentions Happy Wednesday!
lmao sorry im in new mexico, you go find a guy<3
i came to see you today around 530 but you werent there =(
I'm so freaking bored right now.
So many fun places!
Listening to the Republican leadership talk about fiscal responsibility is like listening to a prostitute talk about chastity.
and ballers going to ball #Wayne .lol
Lmao like I said I can swim underwater ')
“Broken Vines” Supporting Actress – Sophia Angelica will singing and interviewed on Good Day New York on July 4th.
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 5, 2012 Inside GET-THIN The obesity empire built by Julian and Michael Omidi comes under scrutiny
Thanks Bern! Glad to know there's someone else out there who shares my obsession :)
the hookup shots with their hands on their hips are so gross stop it.
As I wander through life, the voice in my head seems to become of a single purpose. It keeps saying "You gotta be kidding me!"
thanks for the mention!
Nap time, exhausted!
We aim to help athletes become complete players by combining field/court work with weight room work.
you're in class aren't you? lol
IU's Straight No Chaser at The Paramount on Sun. July 17 at 5:30pm tickets avail. online or at the box office. See you there! Doors at 4:30
LoL! i know you well!
OH! Ok... will email you. Good luck in a few minutes
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your own children have teenagers of their own. ~Doug Larson.
Can't believe Dusty took out Marshall.
THE FLAVOR OF THE NIGHT IS....... Coconut Curry!!!
On my Mind <3
play pretty much like Wigan and Swansea but without any pace
no but i watched my amazing 13th!!! :)
Check out the Starlight Girls tonight at The Cell Theatre!! Tonight at 8pm. Tickets are only $7
ohh lol but a least you tryed to pick a name for us
now i know just what went wrong. i guess i wanted you more, and looking back now, i'm sure i wanted you more.
Today, interviewer. Tomorrow, interviewee.
I guess I'll go to sleep soon
Did you know it was National Happy Hour day? No, we didn't either, but like you needed another excuse to drink 1/2 off Tequila from 4-7pm..
7 pm; still at office; two more must do tasks for today; haven't been to the gym yet; starving. Conclusion: Wednesdays suck.
still ma nigga.. how the hell u been.
Countdown to #CIAA!!!!
Thank you for the RT! Hope you're having a great week!
Hi there :) Was following up w/u to see if u had recv'd all the info we sent re: Olde Towne Pet Resort for ur feature article?
RT white people think #CommonDMVphrases is about the dept of motor vehicles // ahaha lol was it not? wanna explain then please?
My Friday nights usually just consist of work, cleaning, cooking, gym, & movie night. Blah I need a boyfriend :( lol
Words With Friends on Facebook kickass!
HA! At least come football season we'll be rooting for the same team!
oh so you're a cow now.? Lol anyways whats up?
oh well. Would you mind retweeting?
Off to prep for the show tonight! Time for a dry run.
"The problem with some people is that when they aren't drunk they're sober." -William Butler Yeats
YES! You know it, G-men defeat the Pack. On to the land of the wine and cheesers, Here we come 49ers
i guess that is the difference between kowledge to rule and dominate and knowlege to empower??
We're starting an interesting #iPhone #iPad app. We need #Java #CSS help. Interested?
Celebrate the DC Jazz Festival with Assaf Kehati Trio feat. Legendary Drummer Billy Hart! June Fri. 04 - Sat. 05 9pm & 11pm
Randomly bored...wanna go cause mischief w/
Recording my Web Series "Things I Love" Can't Wait For You All To See! <3
Am I the only one who loves when it rains?
New underwear & new sunglasses 😍
Nothing can cure the soul but the senses, just as nothing can cure the senses but the soul.
Extraordinary event right now @ woolly mammoth w/carnegie mellon. proud to be on board of the black women playwrights group, the co-creator!
Did not bring enough snacks today.
please say you didn't just refer to UK as cards.
Henri Poincare~ Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
20factsaboutme 3) My fingernails are painted a different color everyday! :)
Thanks - I need that pep talk at this very moment. You are correct!
minus the news story, the photo plus the comments is almost funny. like everyone's feeling sorry for them sitting there being them.
sweet tea and pecan pie
Desperately trying to find motivation to study
IMAX tickets for midnight showings are already sold out :( we're now hoping they open more screens or get to a normal one.
Pleasure all mine! Good luck with your little rockers!
The memory of being here with you, is one I'm gonna take my life through. Cause some days stay gold forever.
Hey there! Thanks for the RT! Have you entered?
#PRTherapy at #TF12 rocked! Awesome advice on how to (and how NOT to) deliver perfect pitch. Thx! ,
#Anarchists protesting in #Seattle today. Will take movement seriously when they fund their own sewers.
Ive reached my following limit :O
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
So fun at #peterdunham 's party. Beautiful products...fabrics...people
Why are the Charlotte Bobcats wearing Lakers uniforms?
ur harry potter fan? Who do u like?
its at the house
nope. We'll also be doing the full ride on 8/4. But if there are any other wknds you're thinking, I may know others who'd ride
Question, I paid for album in April, set release date for June. Does it renew in April and waste the 2 months it was unavailable?
It's like everybody is leaving summer camp...
Some people are alive only because it's illegal to kill them
The ability to move other passenger seats to the upright position on a plane
be nice to the mexican.. . :P
RT BREAKING: Stephen Colbert announces run for President, hands over control of his Super PAC to Jon Stewart (via )
Keep it simple, stupid.
Deep Thought: " Friends are like boobs, some are real and some are fake. "
oh thas wassup man. That song went hard! Check out my boy from WestVa. He jus startd, but is killin it. > youtube.com/watchdwight
When was the last time you were on an airplane and where did you go? For me it was 11/2011, went to Nashville. ~ Jake
a porcupine. Very adorable, a little scary and totally awkward.
Go follow my new BRO
wanna know something?...alright.... is like the sweetest thing ever!<3
Oh no... Maybe I'm late to the info but I just saw a poster for "American Pie Reunion."
just think summers not too far awayy. :/
Hello! What part of Australia are you from? I studied abroad in Sydney & cannot wait to go back! :)
Spill the Wine and Loring Kitchen are next. We'll be live on Kare11 at 11!
Prepping for a talk next week. Excited to share our Footprints vision with everyone!
I should just accept a "champion" is rarely the season's "best team." WS was entertaining, but poorly played by not the top teams.
Omg the tables have turn, I'm kool with the enemy--killin them with kindness:D
Si - viva Mexico! My hubby Carlos is thrilled RT Casa Guadalajara in Old Town just erupted in screams- wow, must be the World Cup
British soldiers and Canadian militia are fighting the Continentals under Livingston and Brown from on top of the guard walls around Quebec.
Automation is the word of the day!
Congrats to Venus Williams, now ranked world #2, behind her little sister, Serena. hard work pays
We are of to Christians last Lacrosse practice for the 2012 season. See post later....
imy ily <333 still makin a plan. Ps like my new pic. It's what I'll look like if I meet death.
Any to go for round 2 of P90X. I must have a death wish.
First weekend of MBA Opening Residency concludes with a 1:30pm discussion with Anderson McNeill of Luck Companies; Q&A on strategy/branding
yeah, we're a little shaky right now. It's all about the GPS.
Thanks, will take you up on that.very cool
gotta go to Buffalo!! Anchor Bar downtown!
Teacher: Now I want you to fold your paper lengthwise. Me: Don't confuse me, Hamburger or Hotdog?
I give away a couple slots every week, and it will be open for paid subscription tomorrow (for a few days).
"Uptown shoot".. Good luck! add in some shadows and it could be quite challenging.
I'm kinda excited to wake up at 4 is that wierd? 😳
Porter's Tavern should be a goo place this afternoon!
what the hell are you tweeting about
Looks like quality of life over energy efficiency and size is winning in my survey! What do you think?
and I live for you calling the radio show last season ;) RT : BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOTZZ I LIVE 4 U
I agree with RT : q2) why a discrepancy between curating and creating, create when needed, curate when needed, eh?
Many molds can cause health effects. They produce allergens, irritants and, sometimes, toxins that may cause adverse reactions in humans.
That's a good thing, right? Wish I could say that ever!
i miss you 2. My project going very soon out, i am very stoked..I send you link when my video be done.;) Say hello to all firends
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...❤ please follow!! #Mahomie 5
Cannot contain my excitement about seeing and tomorrow.
In Japan, if you break a law you are ostracized form community and family life. You are dead to society.
Hey where are you? We are tweeting and need #twexperts... Need #retweet assistance.
we should be fine as long as I'm not at the game ... I'm the jinx in the family ..
Better Internet connection on Amtrak than in my apartment! I love trains.
posted up at the j.o.b. but its diss
lol, nah I handle my biz lol
- Good KOB Commercials!
So really if the kid tries to get away do you pull tighter on the leash to say hey I'm the boss I'm the master?
Want tickets! WIN NOW! text the word "ONE" to 44100 by 8am!
Hahah x) I know right... cute kitty ;)
It's always exciting to reformat my papers to the .doc format in Open Office after I have written 10 pages.
last of the handbills going out today! so excited!
I know it upsets me!! They also just cancelled Awake. Did you ever watch it? Ir had Lucious Malfoy as a human being...
Literally woke up 10 minutes before I had to leave the house. Don't think I've ever moved so fast...
I wanna see!
Happy Mother's Day!
Where in Milwaukee can I find bedding that is made in the US? Tried & India, Pakistan, Egypt... don't we grow cotton here?
#thankgolditsfriday One more breakdown for the Dakota boys please, no soup for them.
I hate allergies
I would never turn you down boo!
Gearing up for Birmingham!! See you at The Nick Saturday night!
I don't have an estate. :(
"It is common sense to take a method & try it. If it fails, admit it frankly & try another, but above all try something."
Is the price dependent how large you want your audience to be?
#ARealGirlfriend isn't just there to wait on you hand and foot.
Getting ready for yummy Italian food, good music, and great company at the NAWP Gala tonight!
OpenEdition would also provide use stats to libraries who pay the premium. Want to promote visibility in libraries.
Listening to music like I have been all day cnt stop!!!!!!
Getting an uneven tan<<<
OH HAS ALREADY FOUND TONS OF GHOSTS. THEY EVEN HAVE "SCIENTIFIC" PROOF! (WITH REAL "SCIENCE.")
didn't like the performance bro, but been a fan of yours from the start and its NOT time for you to go. Still got a vote here
Said, Said. . . why are you awake? You're waiting for me to write something witty. I'm going to humor you any second, now. . .
Men have two emotions: Hungry and Horny. If you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
I want Brooks Conrad to never get a hit. And to continue to get at bats. Like a hundred. Would be worth the losses.
It has been decided. The Nomads are heading to Moe Bar for happy hour. Will you be joining us?
Thanks for listening!
See you all at the tomorrow! Last Summer trip.
i dreamed that jerry brukheimer cast me in one of shows....i'm believing in that!!! :o>
Tonight & are off HOONing the #Dart, so is stepping up to lead tonight’s #Motorama LIVE!
Bring your best! Be inspired & inspiring! Leave them better than you found them. :-)
no. I'll check it out. Online?
Nothing? Since Vikes were born Bears have won 1 game (one only 1 occasion) more than Vikes. 1 SB title vs 4 SB appearances
Saw what appeared to be a dead, headless bird on the sidewalk on my way from the bus stop. Disturbing.
Petroleum jelly to the rescue - Windsor Star
Send me your sleeper pick to make it to Omaha.
the one next to Visceral or the one downtown. #7dayguestpass #wuuut?!
It depends how fast you drink ; ).
Listening to Alanis Morissette on 104.3, still love just about everything from Jagged Little Pill. She changed music for the better.
They used to use the radio audio for these games. Not that I'm defending my comment, but Uke has been used before.
I hope when Andrew Bird comes on, you're struck with a pang of regret.
c: I will.
WeTV Is wrong for this!
haha no doubt, really dug that track (obviously)
Comparing social media to courtship makes it seem easier for all of us to navigate. Unless, of course, you struggle with courtship.
I want to thank the IADO for everything they have done for me. I am honored to have their support.
Tonight is the night people! is in #Denver! Come to an amazing show and rock out with us! Get your tickets!!!
I think it depends on individual hands. Maybe see if someone will let you play with theirs a bit before deciding?
lol totally thought of the same thing
Cahill walks #JimThome putting men on first and third with two outs. Santana at the plate for the Tribe. #MLB 2-0 Tribe
Sunday morning but I don't feel like going to church 😞 I love Jesus, but the people there suck👎
Exactly! I totally agree with that!
But I wish I can tolerate veggies and fruits like u u r so lucky! RT thats all i eat xD
Sphyx: Just Squeaked, Just Got An Email From Guild Wars 2, Beta Test Confirmations Going Out Shortly And Im On The Waiting List XD Woot
There's always the people who make a big deal, the people who complain because it's not a big deal & the ones who don't give a fuck.
Knock knock
Always on the lookout to see what talented developers are working on and interested in. Thanks for checking in!
Just witnessed a probable Not Top Ten moment at Kauffman. #gofigure #thisisourtime?
no moved to Dallas for work. Wish I was in ChiTown.... Enjoy my man!
= awesome place to work... surrounded by great people on team and working with GREAT customers! Even for a Monday, gets me going.
should I do homework now, or should I wait until tomorrow? hm
lmao, it must be Monday :0) have a good one
We are excited to announce the location of our new bookstore, Indy Reads Books. It will be located at 911 Mass Avenue...
Eh screw it back to bed I go
Tweet dreams!
Some niccas don't know where respect starts and bullshit ends!
HEAD SCRATCHER! People of African descent allow the n-word to be promoted. Jews don't allow "kike" to be promoted at all. Who has the power?
Hi, my name is Devri and I love you! I don't care who you are or what you have done! There's a story behind everything!
Come hang out with me at Santiago's in Yakima tonight for some music with Bill Brennen abd WD. Margaritas and 3 part harmony. Fun!
Just got back from Europe last night. Played three games of flag football today. Recovering. Relaxing. :-)
To tell you baby It's you and only you and no one else And I'll mean it Even when I'm talking to myself
dude we were mid conversation laughing gaging a good time she was like "OK drop your pants".... thought i was in a porno
iOS 5.1 now allows deletion of individual photos from photo stream. Handy.
Yes, please! I'm going to be down your way every Tuesday. I shall come by this coming Tuesday, 17th? I can come at 12:30.
Almost no traffic getting out to Long Island. And almost no traffic going towards the city.
Cool day on the set of an indie short film...I was a robot!
How do you #giveeveryday?
Holy shit! What a win by Alan Belcher.
This is awesome (:
Done hunting. Only saw one bird, a hen...and it's in my game pocket of my hunting best! :)
hey guess what everybody i've become that person who stays in on saturday nights to watch twin peaks
Yay! Glad it did not need smashing. But even more glad about the labels.
taking out my frustration in this workout.
also, at 20 my friend's thesis advisor gave her this advice: don't move to a job, find a good location and find a job there.
Never seen at stakeholder meetings, the fabled "Director of Imposing Arbitrary & Unfeasible Deadlines" does exist, elusive tho he may be.
Just like I'm respectful of men. Or try to be, anyway.
from what times is the marketing office open?
always better to be cool about things and try to talk them out......
This fuckin' constant rain is cock blocking me from a bike ride. Bitch.
My personal hero at the NYT, Thomas Friedman. Hell yeah.
": It's April 17th! I hope everyone remembered to file their R2D2s." Haha not yet think we owe bigtime! :(
and we're back!
Blackberry Mimosa and NW Eggs Benedict.... Happy Sunday to me!!
: says housing doesn't matter if people don't have jobs. Stresses controlling SD cost of living. I have to agree.
I wonder, in the 20's, what would've been equivalent to getting arrested shirtless, in ill-fitting shorts?
Someday I am going to walk into a Carrabba's Italian Grill, flash my ID & say, "my family owns the place." Chianti for everyone!
can I be a grouppie??(:
thank you!
: I know a secret then... So excited too!
then people only have average looking or ugly kids meaning my daughters wont be able to find a cute boy
Indeed! Thx for ur support RT : Cool. Just got confirmation that my company matched my last donation to
Well there goes Baltimore's momentum. Let's see how Flacco responds.
": Yeah after listening to music Im sold lol!! aWESOME VOICE!!" WOW thanks 4 the love.
Honored you're celebrating your BDAY at our party!! RT Celebrating my 21st tonight at the Submerge show...
I LOVE #Kindred!
and I are going to this awesome hair casting tmrw... Wish us luck!!
Coldwater, Ohio alum (my school) gets drafted #200 by the Vikings RT Congrats to Ross Homan
Anyone wanna go to San Gennaro tonight? Or some form of real dinner? I need motivation to leave the house.
Now on FB Roger Dietch so you can join me as well. Market in another set up mode.
I know we have 3.5 hours to go but can this Lakers/Thunder game fucking start already?!
Rexy. Lions look legit. Booked your trip to the Superbowl yet?
Funny how easily people can fall out of your life.
Flash mob, charleston, February....
: if Yes is the answer, what was the question?!
contagious for 24 hours it supposed to go away in 78
i am having trouble with the stream. which browser are you using?
I'm telling you... You're messing with the wrong one.
it all depends on our pitching including our middle relief.
Way to bury it right in his chest LaBate.
Omw to work
....I can see your comments, obviously, but not "what" you were commenting on because the link is protected. Spin it however...
oh yay work.
Thank you to all the soldiers, sailors and airmen who have and are protecting our freedom. Home of the free because of the brave!
Elizabeth Smart at #ywcaelpaso luncheon: "Don't let the past rule your future."
Do what you love so that you never work a day in your life. Don't play it safe; take the risk that could make your dream come true!
Money on my mind MELODAGOON MOBRECORDS
So now I'm retarded for posting a lyric from lupe... Wow.
Sometimes it takes a little to make so much worthwhile....
you already know! Wbu?
YOU ARE NOT FAT. BULLFUCKINGWHALESKUNK!
you coming out Friday?
Kings♚ & Queens♛
' he need to hurry up and make it official ; ) ' lol _ let me find out ......
it's going to be a pretty dope summer with my team
Rep. Giffords to attend husband's space shuttle launch in April
what he said. Make your little guy comfortable and just try to keep calm.
How come the Count keeps calling his BF in Jesus 'Woodrow' when his name is clifford?
I heard about both at same time. First time I heard about it was an interview of author. As soon as she said Twilight...barf.
Ops...meant best supporting actress nod for Melissa McCarthy...well done!
hahah for life💙 I'm going to miss you Becca..
I want a Roc City Tonight Get Glue Sticker.
Heading down to Coachella
Saw an Irish wolfhound today. Holy crap. I've never seen a bigger dog...would have been at least 7 feet tall on its hind legs :)
Happy Monday & Happy International Jazz Day!
RT : If lesbians aren't attracted to men, why are they attracted to women that look like men?<=Light Bulb!
People are just like the weather always changing....
I don't think im gonna be able to upload the video tonight, it'll be done soon
...and that's a wrap.
Ahah, you put me on the spot now Julian. But yes.
Hate to think about it. McCutchen trade idea isn't dead In NH's mind. What would be a fair/realistic "dramatic" overpay for him
Going to see my BEST SISTER FRIENDS & Going to be great next few days!
big in Russian really means big
Completely shallow reason to vote Obama in November: are you curious to see what Ann Romney would wear to Inaugural Ball? I'm not.
not the full Johnny though. That would require me putting dick holes thru my ears
Outer - SLOW from University to Georgia
then don't pay 4 school@
Ok whateves gtg c u in like 30 min
Storm troopers at comicon. Awesome.
We love the idea of techorating, too!
yea it's all cold and slimy it sucks I had a US today
I'm 99% sure the just walked into my coffee shop. I almost had a heart attack. They left before I could ask for autographs!
allow me to me to introduce on our Seattle Team! Robin Rocks!
When going to an amusement park check to see if you can go in and out...if so then bring a healthy lunch in a cooler. Save $ & stay Healthy!
Happy Friday & Cinco de Mayo weekend!
18 Grammy winner and Polka legend Jimmy Sturr now on Adva Mobile. Text getpolka to 88704 on your phone.
A-Town Veteran the book by Cole Hart is ready for Grandhustle film.
"Don't settle for nothing more than someone you can live with. Settle for nothing less than someone you can't live without."
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.” ― Isaac Asimov
Oh yeah...
your welcome
hey um nicole kendaya is against austin lets fight back
Look! A circus! And over there! Taco Bell is using Doritos for shells!
I can't bring myself to do anything school related
true but if I make it CLEAR I'm not interested?
21 I bet I change but for now miss me with the I need a man cuz he is not I and I am not him
Just had an awesome dinner with at #cheesecakefactory ! #HappyEaster !
Quote by In These Times describing political wins of Corporate Ag: "the politics of the food system are spoiled rotten"
i know omg i didn't have the chance to go to one of the shows
#fridayreads: THE WORLD WITHOUT YOU by Joshua Henkin (, June). Loved MATRIMONY, now this too.
ikr! lol good times..i wonder what we're doin tomorrow..like why would we learn new stuff before break
suzie!! i need u n my life right now
seriously I do wonder if your head was covered would they be so nice ? #AntiIslamTeaching is concerning....disturbing...
thanks for showin me that!
More pre-trial witness prep today!
A great money making business without selling a thing: www.moneywithrx.com
Kayak for travel, Snapseed for photos, Evernote for everything.
If you start with a bang, you won't end with a whimper. T. S. Eliot
might feel more satisfying to initiate my own "call" & start talking loudly to my laptop about the rude person next to me. ;)
"Preference for Hispanic or latino? A: no preference" a bit of difference among coasts.. But if have I pick: Hispanic via
Ha! Creepy.
I think psychologists come up with new disorders just to expand their market.
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Reading a book about the trends in swimwear fashion during the last century, and how it affects what we wear on the beach today.
Thank you Drunk Dude. I appreciate you taking the time to explain Exit Through the Gift Shop to me.
me to ima guy and i love tht show
Brignac strikes out three of four batters for the second consecutive inning to keep the Cajuns in the lead 1-0.
why won't my nu email open? am i the only one having problems?
Big thanks to for doing a fab job photographing event!
Tweeting while graduating..
happy birthday to
Opened SHORT $NZDUSD @ .77158; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 66% SHORT
Sunny and warmer for Mother's Day, 68° inland, 58° lakeside. Monday: 72°, Tuesday: 75°. Warmer days are ahead!
I don't know how to take candid pictures. -.- Need more practice
Okay, I'm all for exciting games but this is absurd. Why can't the #Capitals just win already?!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
Monday its morgan
Oh Houlton, how I don't miss that long, long drive to your courtroom. (Takes less time to get to NYC from Boston.)
a double win is the goal 4 DC 2today
I mean, they were pretty much directly quoting from my mother. Truth.
#Wondering - Can you cheat your Tweets or is this a game w/ no rules (only word limits)?
I hate the thought of you being with someone else.
What's the best #Cleveland bar for Thx giving eve?
I loove that we live in a world that many different kinds of cats can roam freely
never been phony...sorry u having a bad day...no need to reply back...hope life gets better GOD BLESS
Kid:I want a little brother Magician: "I'm sorry to say that I can't do that alone. I will need your mother to come over here and assist me.
Looking for experienced gameplay programmers, RTS/MMO Experience a huge plus. for more.
about to get on some roller coasters lol :D
We had a good band rehearsal tonight. Working out a few new songs. I really love the way my vocals are developing on the songs!
...I plead the fifth.
Out filming with Getting footage for his new video for the song Night Owls And Early Birds.
sugar we're going down - FOB
Thanks for the Tip Top love!
MKG not too literate in post game press conference.
you in Philly tonight big homie?
Hey Gwen! How are you?
So many drunk civilians. So many.
#geekend #fa111 via transmedia marketing rocks when done right.
The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.
Im about to upload the mixtape but I only have 11 songs. cant find the number twelve!
The handlers are working hard
Stunned by Firebird.
You are the only you you can be. Without you, there is no you.
is looking at Twitter for the first time in 27 days... I'm gonna start following this on my phone, & see if I do better...
Had fun playing checkers, flying helicopters, and riding ATV's with the family yesterday. More hiking today! :D
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Can't sleep....gonna do what bored awake people do best. 
Disney land will be open 24hrs today, reaching full capacity by noon. I'm sure it will NOT be the happiest place on earth!
you're so right! Halfway through season2 and so much is happening... I must catch up!
Wife bought a Jillian Michaels yoga DVD. "Deep breaths. Open your heart to the energy. And namaste, you FATASS MOTHERF*@&ING PIECE A SH*T!"
“: Time to get down(ton)” we haven't yet. Perhaps we should?
Hell yeah aha ": that looks good :-P"
Who is Chef Blackhand?
Can't wait!
how's it going
Playing an old school #Hiphop set! They tipped well! #DJ #YOLO!!!
ugh. weird. i wonder what happened.
Christmas is nearing! Have you finished your shopping yet? We have the PERFECT gift! A new Truck or car! Come on in or visit www.freedomfre…
Follow For A Shoutout
Lots of good things happening. Haven't been on in a while!
I remember that debacle.
Don't ever change :)
#SAYSOMETHIN NEEDS TO HIT ITUNES REAL FAST... Before my phone bill go's up with all the YouTube usage ! #nojoke 
we'll send it along shortly! :)
confirmation of #Fringe at #SDCC RT : For sure. ; )
Check out our videos on facebook!
Thanks, Jim. Hope you get something out of it. Cheers, Bo
im on my way to see ni
Going to the grove
loved his single! They were playing it as we were waiting on Vashawn recording to start. I had to ask someone -- who is this?
Accidental death by heroin use up 75% in Cleveland. Esp white males 20-30 yrs of age.
Good morning tweethearts! I love you all! *Bretana
freakin' KILLED it!
BOOM, changed my name.. everything else I wanted was taken
thanks!!! So exciting! See you at ICA next week?
Broadcaster Distances Itself From News Corp. - New York Times
“: BREAKING: Earthquake shakes Mexico City, causing tall buildings to sway, people to evacuate. Quake in Sumatra, one in Oregon earlier.
LOL! It was driven by a woman, so not likely. RT: I wonder if that car belongs 2 1 of my exes!
time to get paid breh !
Just got home from an amazing, emotional show. Now, sleep.
yeah way too long lol honestly been recording every night this week so haven't mixed anything down yet
I was wondering if anyones gonna do an article on Bichoff's discovery channel show "the devil's ride" (cont)
it dooesss. c: it all matchess. c: ooh, and this is for vicarlyious, amirite? c:
you don't make friends that way...kick it a bit harder next time and they will move
thats awesome. thanks for providing those.
i love the feel of knowing that you had a good workout
Folklore, Fieldwork, and the Study of History Session--Why don't folklorist do history anymore???
He's lost his son, Fabio.
#wow why the hell am I up? I think it's time for another lovely morning walk. Gotta love waking up in a good mood.
you can spam me any day :)
1whole week of detention next week -.-
it's off to our gym, Duke Roufus MMA Academy, for weigh-ins & physicals for tomorrow's Gladiators show. 50 MMA fighters in 2 hours!
I'm fine
Have a gorgeous morning and an absolutely fabulous day ta ta dahlings
Happy #WorldHealthDay! We're a firm believer in this year's theme- Good Health Adds Life to Years. Make it happen w/ FITzee in your corner!
oh ok, it's *chronicle* lol, I'm seeing that 2morro, very excited!
If you could have any household device send out tweets, what would it be? And we hesitate to ask, what devices would you not want tweeting?
RT : Seattle #ppc folk - is hiring PPC Managers! If you are interested shoot me a DM & I'll pass it along
ugh, i need to go back to bed, night again ;)
I recognize some of those! :)
the things i do for royce! knowing i have to wake up early at 5:30am & here i am staying up late..ay ya yai..lol
I dont want to talk about it.
Yea I agree with everyone, it sucks not having to shovel snow and use snow chains during Christmas
But isn't that procedural? Always ask for the lawyer when you are being questioned?
Awesome. On hitting Send, GMail says "You wrote 'I've attached' in your message, but there are no files attached." That is very helpful.
Looking to hire new home care workers now
Whoever is up get me!
please reply to my tweet. I love you so much. you are beautiful and just awesome
Feel like ive been running around all day-_-
Awesome. Thanks!
I'm cool! Aww sorry 2 hear that (pun intended). Still wish I cud have come 2 support! Well I'll have 2 catch u nex time! (Hugs)
Thanks for choosing to taxi with us! RT : All good. I called Flash Cab.
BOOK GIVEAWAY! RT for a chance to win a signed hardcover copy of new historical fiction novel Grosvenor Square!
You are amazing!! Whatchutalkinbout?
ridiculously stressed out
At the end of two periods, we are all tied up a one. Roseville finally gets on the board with 27 seconds left in the 2nd.
An old man with a walker yelled, "I like your hair" as I walked into the gym. #i'vestillgotit
i just wanna go to the UK with my friends and go to milkshake city and have a jolly good time lol
Oh ok. Let me get in the house and I'll hit u rite back.
Today, God allowed me to spend 4.5 millions in production cost. And 1 million in setup cost.I have never spent much money on myself before.
": I go to sleep thinking about you, and I wake up thinking about you. What don't you understand?"
is it still 7 years?
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass. - Maya Angelou
great interview with Mike Leech can we get one with
#OMG #IfItWasntForFootball the kids at school wouldn't have tackled me when I came out of school.
Check us out on iTunes!
shut up. He hit me first.
we have labels - I meant you might not! ha I played basketball and I was always a great swimmer though I didn't compete you?
I'm going to Disneyland today. That's all.
Palm Beach Parenting is looking for Palm Beach County MOMtrepreneurs! Tell us about your business www.palmbeachparenting.com
Being gay isn't a sin. You love who you love.. You can't control your heart.
COCKTAILS you say, say no more ===> we'll have to get a cocktail next time I'm in town! :)
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
I'd correct that to read "mess"osphere, but I can't ruin a perfectly good science-based joke. Consider this merely an aside
Related: who guilt trips a person about leaving at 6pm on a 70 degree day in February. Mean people, that's who.
haha totally awesome!
SO good!! Worth the money!! Stay after the credits!!!
k come outside ill be there in a min I would call but yeah -_-
I said and I say it again! We've been had! We've been took.
dodgers are great! I'm a Houston boy so Astros are my team!
nah lmfao. That's too much juice for me to drink ^.^
Counting >35 employees on the floor @ Lincoln Park Apple Store. Other retailers should take note - #efficiency #humanvalue #tech!
This is the problem with focusing on appropriation as an explanatory framework: a technique rather than a history.
Speed queen too, they have a one lane drive thru so you gotta order something and they only take cash.
Happy St. Patricks Day:-) Who's going to drink green beer tonight?
wat to do
You're welcome!
Thanks for your support and for joining us at the show.
In freakishly good mood considering I'm starting a detox tomorrow. Looking forward to powdered wood chips & Dino kale sludge!
Free carwash day!
In a bar and woman just asked bartender if there was a pay phone around. I just landed in 1974.
What are you going to do to stay fit this week?
lol go to sleep
Good grief! That's crazy. Glad you guys are okay.
I'm sold!
: Definitely the The Goonies and Back To The Future.
I just played a 118 point word in Words With Friends. It's a good day.
Very true, there is! Best wishes in your future. If you ever want to discuss networking I'm happy to share also.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we talk to each other instead of about each other.
"Offbeat types" audition today. Was next to a guy with 2 foot long scraggly hair & cooties. He looked like Cousin It from the Addams Family.
Had to buy halloween candy again, even though we've had no trick or treaters yet. I was talked out of giving Sriracha.
aww, thanks! want to try and hang out sometime in June?
On my way to church then going to a basketball game.. yee Oh Happy Birthday to my friend Kayla!!!&& nd ill see yall laterz. Dueces! :P
SEEN YOUR PERFORMANCE SHOW YOU ROCKED IT GOOD JOB
Why do people look at you like your so different...
If the #Packers can figure out the Center position prior to the #NFLdraft, I'd select either or in round 1.
and if they stay together it's not because they forget, it's because they forgive :)
S/O to my girl shes so pretty and really nice:) follow her:)
.. It's 2:10 in the morning
I'm scared to go look at the news in NM. I feel terrible for the people in Los Alamos.
#SOURHOUR With & !!!! how long u gon be there
"Wifi is hard to get." Amen, brother.
Um i was still watching that -.-
I've been bitten by python yo!!
"Wanna know why you don't see no smile... prolly the same reason you don't see a child" lito ultimate warrior
I'm not surprised at all.
thanks for the hug! For more NYC-specific donation help, I'm your gal!
ARD ADZ FT MIKE L - US AGAINST THE WORLD
Absorb wet spills as quickly as possible by blotting with white paper or cloth towels. #Atlanta $GA
Concentration is my motto - first honesty, then industry, then concentration.
good guess - it's a Rails night! But *so far I haven't gotten stuck. *SO FAR
Last win in the Rose Bowl for the ducks was 1917! Gotta feel for their fans.
Take into context what would happen if Westbrook/Paul/Williams were on the Bulls. Take into context the division
Get the fuck outta here griffin
This office is getting Hot
Fantastic meeting you too! : SO great meeting with you ! Smarty Ladies meetup soon. :)
Mavs and cowboys always seem to disappoint me
Are you in the Medical Industry? Have a patient who suffers from alzheimer's disease? The MT90 Personal Trackers is your solution.
Little girl on street showed me her painting.I said-VERY NICE! Her mom was shocked-her other daughter was holding up her skirt &no underwear
I'm feeling the need for a dubstep concert.
I don't think she knew what it was. it was disappointing.
so we can get a beer tomorrow night is what you're really saying?
Heat lead at the half 55-44. Every successful team needs and has a leader; I'm not sure the Knicks have a leader.
Good thing they covered that this session. It's had a drastic effect on the state budget. Texans can breath easy.
Teacher's pets <<<
I'm doing my own investigation into these supposed "Thamel friends"
Playing some #sc2 to clear my mind.
'Tis Thursday ain't it? Shit if i'm not doin' anything by then i'm down
FOLLOW THE KID SO I CAN FOLLOW U BACK!
Maybe clean shaven with a dirty wrinkled "lucky" suit?!
What have you pledged to do this year to save our earth? wants to know. I have pledged to conserve more water. Wish me luck!
just blocked her RTs. am thinking its vodka induced; given some of my decisions made under the influence, i'll cut her some slack!
my body is slowly getting back to normal....I needed that sleep!
My little round face isnt as round!
Zumba is my stress reliever. :)
What group-friendly attraction do you like in Milwaukee? Tweet us at
Church went great!!!!
am learning to embrace Halloween; does not come naturally!
the brownies actually tasted amazing.
good!! how r you?
Merry Christmas and happy holidays from all of us at SHDC!
Steady songwriting discussion with Kevin Fox and John Kays over the past few days. Known these guys for years, but band = vital as ever.
": The most successful people are mavericks who aren’t afraid to ask why, especially when everyone thinks it’s obvious."
Two months away from the official release of our book, FELON FITNESS.
Duh. I reread my post and saw you could tke it taht way. Sorry not to see you in London...
Why don't we play something these hoes will like?
Morning... Why must you come so early?
1/2 price bottle night! Drop by today and try any of our reserve bottles for half the price. Summer is here to stay, so drink away #whynot?
Once again, Rebecca Black, you cloud my thoughts this morning with your incessant singing.
Just be I have long legs doesn't mean my shorts are to short!
[New Slide] UC campus graduation rates correlate to that school's funding profile.
We look forward to seeing you again!
The only way today's game could have been better was if men were playing and I actually cared.
#Madmen is like a car wreck... you don't really understand what happened but you keep staring at it trying to figure it out.
Yo ghetto ppl. If u wanna make fun of Chinese ppl for saying "fly lice", u better not say words like "bof" and "sang witch"
hey hey sitting here with my bff about to go to the football game and see nick to !!! yeah :):)
Three bridges
After twenty minutes and three phone transfers, "This is just a problem we've been having." Why couldn't someone just say that right away??
Learn to master the blank stare! ;)
do what!?
I MISS YOUR FACE!
Hey, I just met you.. and this is crazy.. but here's my penis.. so suck it baby ;)
Back in the office after a surprisingly good Graph Expo show
I my self wish it was last Oct. 4th again...
Happy Friday everyone! The first snow is a great time to stay indoors with a good book. What are you planning to read this weekend?
Still not out of this car ... Never the fuck again ugh
I would be proud of how many Marquette students are in the library right now..but all of the computer screens are on Facebook or ESPN.
on my laptop and watching old viva la bam shows
wow letter u meen
": Steve Fromeyer named HS Football Official of the Year by The Northern Kentucky Officials Association "
you always are, i love it
You way too beautiful, girl. oh
imagine laying under the stars with austin and he turns and looks at you and says i love you babe <3 those 4 words <3
Follow me Rihallah
How does the transformation of the printing industry/culture in the 19th C manifest itself in the very fiction it produced?
A friend sent me a link... Sheesh, they could have asked and gotten a hi-res image dirt cheap. I mean, come on. Thieves suck.
RT : I'm sick of checking my phone and not seeing your name.
About to hit with Bobby Floyd, The CCM Jazz Ensemble, and CCM's Chamber Choir! PCT, sold out show!
Preparing to teach a class to 18 6 year-olds this afternoon. Despite teaching grad school for 10 years, I am terrified!
Late night edition #FF:
Shutters sales are down as low as they can be, so take advantage 305-232-3344
Yup. I did copy paste so I guess it's the same
Hey Jeremy, thanks for following!
OMG. sounds amazing :)
You said goodbye to your penny? It has been proposed here but without success. It would seem strange. TeresaY
THANKS for the RTs! Appreciate it tons!
Sarah is reading tonight with ' Martha Rhodes. 7:30 Be there, Louisville!
My phone is trippin
Cleveland Park. Have you been to Guapos? I think we're going to try that.
Don't ever take weight loss advice from people who are fatter than you.
It's Called Prostate Cancer, Charlie Brown!
i love brianna she so diffrent from these othaa girls she want real love
The black swan is the best book on epistemology you'll ever read. If you're sane, it will be the only one you ever read.
I went yesterday and I'm going again tomorrow!
Friend is like a pencile colour. May b i am not ur favriout colour. But I hope u will need me somewhere to complete ur drawing.
I know it's sounds ridiculous, but any chance we'll ever see Spartacus outtakes?
Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys dies at 47
I DID IT!! It felt amazing!! Proficiencies are OVER!! Now just feedback tonight :) So proud of myself 👏
I am determined to go to Priscilla and get a picture with you before it closes!! xo
Just located our missing toddler blankie thanks to my "Find It" labels from THANK YOU Oliver's Labels!!!
hey guys, I've been super busy this week w/ sxsw, #facesinthefloor cd relase + Let's talk SCENE STAND asap tho
She makes me want to do better......
Jew better not get rid of it
RT : I heard it last night actually lol - good good... I hope u left a comment ..on here or on 99 JAMZ ?
text me now
Public transport quest continues. This time San Diego to Pasadena to audit an SAA workshop. Easy peasy.
Usher-confessions >
There's a new book coming out about President William Henry Harrison. While not born in Ohio, he played a large part in the early...
"There's no emoticon for regret"
George Wallace!
good time tonight!!
Any word on the job David Bell's doing as Mgr. here in Louisville? Been to a few games, team seems lost....
Kristen Stewart Gets Sexy With Garrett Hedlund On ‘Jalouse’ Magazine Cover
don't worry! Our classic Pumpkin Pie flavor I'm sure will be coming back to all 4 shops between now and Thanksgiving!
uhh my roommate was on the team lol but whatever..i guess God will find u athletic girl when ur ready i guess :)
Thanks! RT: “: I've heard good things about Happy Hour doings ! #hh everyday from 5-7pm!
Can someone please make a catch?
Thinking about my walk tonight. The outside temp just dropped to 45 degrees. I guess I will put a hat on plus a jacket.
Big game tomorrow! Let's get this win fairview!
Our thoughts & prayers go out 2 the victims of the tornado damage. We will donate 25 cents to Red Cross 4 each new follower this wk. PLZ RT!
ha! Why? Are you Foo Fighters fan?
we love you♥
what if i bring a bucket of margarita?
what about year-end bonuses? They are common and are merit-based, yet DoL wouldn't capture them as "incentive paid workers"
RT : I buttoned my top button today, signifying the death of the trend. / Did you cover up that button with a tie knot?
Why don't you just kiss me already?
Alright - it's freaking hot in here. But it just got ugly!
You're wrong if you think i'd be just like her.
okay phone bout die i hit u up
I try not judge ppl, I mean we all do it to an extent. But the worst you can do is look down on anyone else.
obsessed with Never Stop -
I think we know someone who fits this picky eater bill perfectly. A particular pizza eating dude.
Fact: can do 23 push-ups. I can do 1.
#oomf Eyebrows bogus ass hell in her avi
oh ok...I just saw the five slots post lol
It looked like Cobb was surprised he didn't get hit right away...
Surprised the shit out of me... And then them identifying as one just blew my mind.
#Franchise on the mic = GOLD
What a surprise, the Colts went with Andrew Luck. Also someone just pinned him.
o no contra el Salvador!
yes, dedication = ROCKY ! : : Pure Cardio after 8 PM is the definition of dedication.
Justin Chellis (: NOT BIEBER ! bahaha. She´s 100000% cooler than him.
Peace and blessins, which one of your locations has signed copies of the momo book (orange cover)?
D.R.A.M.A. ---> [D]umbass [R]etards [A]sking for [M]ore [A]ttention
where are you going to be tonight?
Thanks for the RT! We love using TOUT!
Good Morning ! who am i speaking to ........ ? ( step call center ) hahaahhah !
Scent of a Mule
Lets go RT : Brewers have the worst run differential in the NL. Twins have the worst run differential in the AL. They play tomorrow.
If you can't...you must.
Big 12 hires Stanford AD as commissioner
Wish is made!
Only slept a few hours......it's raining like insanity out here.......and I feel like hell.........but it's still a great day.
heck no :(
'06 Los Carneros #syrah. So good. Unfortunately we are finally reaching the end of the 2 cases we got last year!
I never got into that show! It was too much for me, just from the commercials!
Working on a complete overhaul of the Technigami website using responsive design, and the twitter bootstrap starter. Powered by Pinax
#Actors - Antonia Dauphin casting ASSIA 30 Black Female Light Skinned for "Nous York." Other Film, TV & Theatre castings daily in the app!
I miss Waldo, the cute little black squirrel who followed me home :(
Glad the cargo is safe!
Damn iPhone fucking up mine 2 : Why is my phone still being a little bitch?! Still cant refresh my mentions
Disappointing end to the Cards game. Think I'll go for a run.
DIY Decorating Projects in Our Home - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Ben & Jerry`s should be sold as medicine for painful break-ups.
alright bro whenever
your turning 21?!?!
I think I just brought you over 3,000. CONGRATULATIONS! thanks for the scoop on a good company!
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
Sam Kelly is gorgeous!
Sometimes I wish that I did not have any feelings. Feeling too vulnerable.
well, it's not everyday someone i know gets to hang out with Darth Vader! (still jealous!)
it's on fb check!
I guess I'll start watching Revenge.
Also, thanks to my friends ( ) for reminding me it isn't unfeminist to call the police.
Enjoying a hot cup of coffee on a hot LA day in downtown- BTW- downtown you totally suck today.
(They considered having an IP panel, but decided it was "too weedy" even for the Rayburn House.)
suck my cockiness, lick a bitch pussuation, M RO'n them hoez
Dear lord Bobbie V really wants to get canned before the All-Star break.
Damnit, I missed them. See you next week, lovely
I can't freaking wait until this morning is over..... #sodone with this ap class -_____-
Do they just play slap and tickle??
Love the quote and the visual it creates - we have the power but do we use it?
Italian pizza that this is really disgusting, but in a few years go to live in los angeles <3 <3
Shoot Me Now.
SVU was creepier than usual this week.
Got a terrible triad on Mo-Rivera? "complications" in his exam today. Could be a career ender.
Thanks ! Heart you right back!
I hate the judges table
Are you going to get season tickets this year?!
Sometimes revolution starts from within...change your mind and other things will fall into place...
yeah make sure u follow me bak...facebook look me up rolando pride
Thanks for following us!
Gotye is criticizing Glee for their interpretation of his song, which is ridiculous, since it never would have gone to #1 without Glee.
u do and I'm one of them
your new album rules!
Amazing shower! Wish I had company.
Good Bye Horses. Hello AT&T RT : RT : Good Bye TMobile. Hello Sprint.
damn does she use a any form of time delay in her emotions?
Rx2you.com is now in Spanish
few weeks seems like a really long time though. I love you baby.
No problem 😊RT : thanks for the follow
Shooting a video on South Beach
Good Morning & Happy Friday Everyone
"Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end..."
Come check out the new decorations that are going up around RPS! We are gearing up for Valentines Day <3
were gonna get to see each other all the time!!!! Let's perdy!! Oh and I did find a place to stay temporarily.
NO. Huge line. Not worth the wait. Wah wah. Early bird gets the worm.
So cool!
Happy Jesus day urrrbody!
Two hrs til my weekend officially begins. Yayyyy. So looking forward to these days off.
I have social media chronic fatigue syndrome right now
join us 4 a luv buzz tonight Social Club 4 a screening of Nirvana Live @ Paramount @ 6 PM & Midnight.
Rage For Recovery is coming up! Portsmouth Ohio it's been awhile. Are you ready to tap your toes and synchronously move your hips?
M #burgers.... RT Grand opening November 18th, it's a Friday! Who's coming?
1)I shudder to think you operate a motor vehicle. 2)I wonder what you look like naked. 3)I hope you tip well My only thoughts at work.
Join Jeff Jimerson & Airborne this Thursday at 8pm.
“ #Taurus don't talk their business to anyone.”
both my films Undisconnected and Smiley were nominated for best short comedy at the Bare Bones Film Fest! Super excited!
RT : CES is over. Some things to look forward to are Motorola Xoom and Bionic, LG Optimus 2x, Intel Sandy Bridge chips,...
definitely must be Oreo.
Make sure you check us out with Chelsea Grin, Attila, and For the Fallen Dreams March 25th at peabodys in Cleveland!
what's the number
Between my new baby and my new iPhone, my cats are already having a crappy 2012.
Becky Churro ! lol Vincent read that & he was like WHOS BECKY CHURRO?
thank you!! That means so much to me!! You are so nice to do that! There will be more raps to come!! Thank u 4 the support!
lets get that yung ill vs conceited bro
thank you for donating pizza to the race today!
It's at the front. Might even be tipped in? Why do I get these books at 4:30 on Friday??
“: They say the good die young i guess these grimey niggas live a long time...” real talk
a kid in my class has the same laugh as you. So I think of you every Monday and Wednesday morning! :) #winning! Hope All is well!!
Im #exhausted .
When you clog your toilet then tweet about it, "come look at this!" is not an enticing way to lure your brother into checking out the tweet
Looking for steel drum player for Friday nites 5-8 pm
Definitely not! I've been sitting around wanting to go do something with you and then i realize that you are 3-4 hours away. >.<
i use to share a room with my sister...it wasnt pleasant
alright I will
SING IT, SISTER!!
thank you for sharing in such a fun way
lol come to the parking lot!!I got you
Ok i will but what should I say? i could also message alli
It's so ridiculous...
Will do! Hope to see you on set.
oh okay maybe you'll work during the summer time
I'm still freaking out.y head is throbbing and I'm still shaking.
told me he ate a baby gorilla for breakfast. I thought he was joking around, but
had a musical epiphany about the winter album...in the process of re-writing 2 of the songs...16 days till recording!
Honestly, I'd love to meet POTUS.
What work I have done I have done because it has been play
Stomach bug recovery treatment: Lots of liquids. Easy foods like crackers. Rest and sleep. Romantic comedies on Netflix Streaming.
Decisions decisions
claro a mi no me contestas
#notsotwittersavvy for your pleasure instead of FYI.
don't get away game tickets but you know I've got you when you are back in the MIA!
I CAN'T SAY IT ON TWITTER OMFG
up to my waist in clam shell box production and LOVING it!!
aw Adam don't be mean! 😔 my girl tried her best lol
Happy Early Birthday Babe! love ya forever i love watching you grow as a singer and a person! beena fan since you turned 15!<3
Definitely noted :P
May have to run to store
All I want for Christmas is ubiquitous & uninterrupted 4G
I'm so excited you are coming back this season!
Isn't the teaparty primarily concerned with the use of eminent domain? At our meetings in Fauquier, Va it is.
Please follow us and retweet to help promote our bespoke services and excellent customer service to local businesses!
On a binge of classical music lately - Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, some Chopin...
The only thing I want to do is sleep.
Mad shout out to will follow back like me
clippers play tonight!
RT : “When anyone tells me I can't do anything … I'm just not listening anymore.” -Florence Griffith-Joyner
Whoomp there it is!
RT Dismissing #SXSWi as a big party is like dismissing Twitter as stupid because it's only about who's eating a ham sandwich.
I'm alive don't worry
we all need to throw back some brass monkeys for the homie
I know! So sorry for the spam!
For someone who stepped outside for only 5 minutes yesterday, I had a pretty damn productive day. Time for bed. Good Night! Z...
Argh, I do not want to fill this out. I fear they're going to spin my answer as "look, our grads are employed in all sorts of fields!"
Ok. Im done.
Blasting' cock-rock on the way to work.
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"
You're welcome! And thanks for the mention!
“Baby don’t worry about a thing cause every little thing is gonna be alright
just wish there were more shots on goal
I want to put someone in my contacts as, "baby" just cause... Brb adding my cat baby to my contacts...
RT : Any Central FL Bloggers interested in PR passes for the please DM me =) and spread the word!!!
that's really sad if you consider I've seen it
Tried learning some stuff from different scores for movies on piano. it didnt work out :P
lol people these days
blah blah blah
lol I've actually seen quite a few ppl w/this picture..
thank you so much dude we will definitely be back up there !
Go Toronto! Right on track. Parental involvement - YES! A combined effort is needed to stop the bullying.
okay yay! Let's meet up 😊
I hope everyone has an amazing day!!!! (:
Question after tonight's GOP debate is who lost more than who won. And, Frothy Santorum lost!
well..im at a party but im about to leave..and its 1am...here In seattle it always rains u have a bf??
been listening to 's #AngelsandGentlemen mixtape all morning ♥♥
Divide your height and
Enjoying the dark meat, of fried chicken, that is. Yup, I just went there.
Another successful night in the studio, just wrapped up a session with for the homie
Hello Ron, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
not trying to be mean but it's annoying me
thank you very much :p
love you JR! lol
and of course gHOST project with Aimee and others 3/24. :))))
Can you teach me? Better yet--do your magic--connect me ;) !!
and I'm not one to be a hypocrite . Always feel free to tweet me,
really this is y we can't be
Verizon gets iPhone in 3 days
Is there a Sarah McLachlan foundation for people who are being abused by their dogs? Because my dogs treat me like crap day in and day out.
just read your email. Ugh!! Will respond tomorrow. I need to go out now and walk about 10 miles after eating so much.
School tomorrow about to take a shower peace out
and don't forget- tomorrow morning, we have to have a serious conversation with a dear (former) friend! Connections are all over
5upvotes, 3downvotes. I just... how can /any/ cat not be loved? :c
Reading #obamabusnames and laughing uncontrollably
you seem nervous!!
i love katy perry & drake if they ever did a song together i think i would pass out
Right after I sent the tweet, I heard the thunder. It's about to start over here.
Moms and pops didn't raise no dummy they raised a solider Much love to my parents!
Love a good mushy voicemail.
: i will never be the kind of women that changes who i am make a man happy
two candidates said "I'm just sayin'" in last five min
Plan B
What Should I Do in Hawaii? - About - News &amp; Issues
I follow u =) follow me back? =)
Yeah, it bugged me that he slighted you like that!
Time to see what been up to
we do that because we are VERY disappointing on you! I thought you were amazing but you turned out to be a fake person.
I need to move out. :/
He has come to bring new life to the world.
"this is so easy you guys will get it!" this doesn't make a lick of sense!!! Please just let me at least pass statistics!
I'm so tired of feeling like shit.
It won't set her free from her record, Cindy, but TruthCrew#CA52 is on its way! RT @
hahhaha just realized this was you... glad we got to texting today! So great seeing you in #DC over xmas! Smooches homie!
“My name is Alice and I remember everything.” —Alice, Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004)
Gooch getting his first start for Sporting Lisbon, currently half time down 1-0.
Haha, every night. Wrigleyville Bachelorette party sounded fun. Was there a stop at Dimo's pizza?
I get your tweets sent to my phone:-)
Happiness is not a desination, it’s a way to travel.
Lol I Don't See U HAahaha :D
Why are police there? What's going down?
all we need now is #SanFran & we'll be ready!!! July 1st can't come soon enough!!
Having a great time at the concert! is killing it on the drums!
how much?
you got it :]
that sucks dude
The awkward moment when your realize that you don't like your crush anymore.
not at all. I keep changing it back and forth deciding the best language. Would like steelers in there too.
next video i'm making probably won't be a white wall type of video....getting sick of making those
Big ups to , and other State Journal staff for a Pulitzer finalist nod on their #wiunion work.
just saying really psycho stuff text grace bout it tomorrow she's sleepin right now
Frisbee from yesterday: acquired. Today's challenge: successful wearing of pencil skirt.
read it and love it!
Jab We Met or 42nd street!
the only thing I could think of, is the vikes lied and said there was another team interested in trading up.
nope she would never lie to me!
I was gonna buy bambi's birthday present today but my mom is always making me pay for everything
And thank you as well!
Happy International Waffle Day!!!! #waffle waffle!
Your welcome luv RT : thank you!!! xo
I love the sound of early morning snow: the world is holding its breath, waiting for something wonderful to happen.
2 years ago,you wore a shirt and it said I<3JB.they said "you like the Jonas brothers?Now u wear that shirt.they say"u like Justin Bieber!?"
check my man out
Thanks for the follow Felecia! We seem to share a similar philosophy regarding our products!
RT and mob murdering coachella as we speak.
Ok #Ohio basketball..I see you.
It wasn't pron. It said "I make good babies."
": when da next time you hoopin.?"the next its hot outside
In honor of my 25th birthday, I'm listening to the beastie boys on Pandora. Happy (same) Birthday!
lions are are HUGE !!!
"Never mistake motion for action." - Hemingway
RT : Just saw a lobster delivery truck that had a sticker right under the driver's side window: "Driver Carries No Butter"
guess what .... Bad.girls.club is holding auditions in Houston ....may 12 th .fml (:
Shocked at how complacent the San Diego press is about prosecutorial & police misconduct.Are there any investigative journalists out there?
That's still not worth it.
yeah we do!
RT : Here at with pouring
just picked up 'flocommercials.com' thanks for the inspiration! should be pretty #progressive !
Do not feel lonely, the entire universe is inside you.
love my collard greens sauteed with thick strips of bacon, garlic and a little bit of olive oil. how do u prepare ur collards? -lisa
its a crappy thing when another band destroys ur equipment and doesnt man up and pay for it
That is highly likely..... maybe we'll make an exception
An apple a day really does keep the doctor away. Helps to boost immune system and eases allergies.
omg hey, you're cute (:
Any plans to add Astoria, Middle Village, and other relevant outer boro areas to the project?
FINAL SCORE: Michigan State 58, Ohio State 48
Getting tatted :)
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for
YW. That Brendan Fraser article is on my favorites. It was awesome, ending with Matt Damon and Sandra Bullock getting in too.
DKA would like to wish all the moms out there a Happy Mother's Day!
I'm with 2 of then at the same time...
I think I'm goin to the diner and bww
badmitten... N math was review.
“: My hamstrings are so tight after skiing yesterday. #RoyalmanIsSoTight” You probably shouldn't be sore after skiball!
# np big k.r.i.t.-boobie miles. This shit is too smooth for words
oh well theres a Mexican bring it on one haba
u can either pay by credit or debit card or paypal
ii can't wait to get off work! ii need a massage!
Best fight ever. Nuff said.
Happy Labor Day! Who's got one more day of partying left in them!? Special Industry bottle pricing and 2 for 1 beverages at The Fly today!!
@ justin biber you be my dream
I'm making that the title of my Facebook album!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
I almost just had a heart attack.
So I go to watch a music video on YouTube and next thing you know, I'm watching a how to bake a cake video..
What a great way to start off my day. 275 bones for a new starter for the jeep.
not anytime soon... I gotta work on a few things first...
they'd still lose to the bulls
no tweets yet?
Hey Allen! My pleasure! How have you been doing?
It is not. That is truth. Ans Truth will make you free. Now lift those dirty hands and give God a praise for your freedom.
Are you ready for Winter? Me neither. Let's go #RedSox!!!!!
you said Right Now
"if you knew what i knew and had experienced what i experienced, you'd have no choice but to believe." -- <3
I'd like to get another copy myself. I didn't understand it back then. We used to sell your chord book too.
Send your questions to #OTRC where may pick your question to ask the arrivals.
the fact I couldn't go to 's middle east show yesterday << that's equivalent to blasphemy. lol is it May 31st yet? I need it to be
Sorry for the slow reply! Thanks for the kind words. Your MA research looks cool - what will you do when you finish?
The 5AM personal style is interesting. One problem working at night is the clutter of the daily issues is at its highest.
Hey there.
We're pumped to sing at Cherry Tree tonight! /yd
Dreams are necessary to life. - Anais Nin #quote - What are you dreaming about in 2012?
Uh huh, you know what it is.
Ohio statewide tornado test happening at 9:50am, but apparently Defiance County's clocks are slow. Sirens not going off in the city yet.
Retweet Police have issue an order for all tents to be removed from civic center #occupysd help us now!
jeter is the captain of the "evil empire". Perfect music. Let's just hope he doesnt land on the dl with a severed hand.
Oh my God! Family will test your patience!! Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!!
Excellent. Hope she loves it!
Happy holidays!
ha! No way.
oh snap, i didn't know you had lost that. but that's good that you found it :)
Thanks to everyone who participated and helped with #SMWLA! Hope to see you at the closing party!
Thanks, Ya'all...XONZ
Why tha fuck u on twitter?
We are crazy for Powerpoint over here Not only am I working on a presentation we have major job opportunities!
NYE just won't be the same anymore. RIP Dick Clark
Get some sleep!!! I need some too, ha!
i use to take pills for it when i was little, but now i just sit on Twitter and Tumblr haha
Following spree
Chilaxin at the pool at the Madison! Happy 4th of July!
#weneedacurefor #poverty. It can spread like a wildfire.
#thoughtsduringschool I wanna go home and sleep....
Taking a break from packing to play the Biltmore tonight with Luca, Ryan and Peter. 8:30-12:30.
I was just at the one in falls church
I feel good news coming from the today...
We're also looking for a Grill Specialist.....breakfast experience a plus
haha I love leg?!;)
This having actual paying work + having a weekly class + having a kid with a mysterious injury + not sleeping well for months thing. Yeah.
": I will be front and center :-)" I know you are and thank you for the support!!
No, because it is singularly awesome
does not show links when they are shared from individual to group. can this be fixed?
Stay connected to what is happening at Summa Institute by becoming a fan on facebook.
Imma squeeze ur face with happiness
Q2: camping, swimming, bbq's
when people say they want more followers what they mean is "i want more listeners, ppl paying attn to me"
sorry4delay on the fb friend requests! Just got tired of dirty old men and the most random people so I stopped acceptin requests for a min!
why is your poker down? Particularly disappointed using the service when yet again.
I don't have one. Not sure why I came up.
I should have the chance to try one in the next few weeks. Very interested, especially at the price. Will report once I try it.
So, yeah.
thanks, they were great! hope to see you again soon!
Its hot af in this bitch # not feeling it
Come on by the 10th Annual Spring Bazaar today and tomorrow 9a-4p Over 70 vendors, with arts & crafts, deals, prizes, and so much fun!
Its a content farm: ": the tabloid-esque tech articles are so bad. #embarassing #notnews #linkbait"
Thanks for such a warm welcome, Tinashe (:
your album is brilliant. I love all your work. Hopefully I see your and 's collaboration. I love you both xx
It's Poem in Your Pocket Day, and the poem in my pocket is actually 285 poems. #GoiPod What's your #pocketpoem?
Glad I brought my "London-Tested" umbrella to #sxsw. A blustery day.
For the best, online selection of fabulous Design Options beaded holiday sweaters, please visit www.designoptionssweaters.com
what is this?
Perfect weekend.
Have a great time tonight! :) The box looks amazing! Great job!
I think your account has been hacked -- I just got a phishing DM from your account.
Reading the screenplay for The Descendants, I may like it better than the film itself. Both are good though.
nah u need ta just taste it
lmao just seen it Wassup with chu tho what you up too
I. Love. Google+. Hangouts. I hold meetings on google+ & it works great.
What race are you playing as in Skyrim?
Congrats bro!! Keep climbing higher & higher
it was hurting for a week and then after I ran my 40 it got all swollen and now it's hard to walk and may be a tear
thanks for the show shout-out!
Interested in bowling all summer for FREE? Give us a call and we will tell you how. 585-427-7205
“: i need more followers #teamfollowback”
Indeed! Thx again for a great panel. And Brad's a great guy - we should all connect soon and talk Higher Ed + Tech. Cheers!
Cody Ross batting clean-up? interesting.
Gonna dress up all week.. Or atleast try :)
catch a breeze(;
I see which way the whistles are going tonight. Luckily, calipari's teams can't shoot free throws.
Not at the moment but I'll let you know when we are
I would be lost without my friends & my boyfriend. I'm so lucky to have them.
Tonight 5pm at the James Gallery: &
Had a wonderful 1st birthday with my son and family
#Dope picture what was dat?
Planning travel funding for the year. Anything publishing-related I should attend? Other ideas?
lol, smelling like pigs feet and beer lmao
Creepy thing that happened today: My dentist texted me happy birthday. Whatever happened to those nice cards in the mail?
Nice....have 1 for me. Make that 2 or 3!!
sleep is callin me right now
#drag race #TeamSharonNeedles needs to take the crown!!!
I gotta get out of this house
ROTFLMAO.... Yeah BITCHES!!!! (you shoulda threw THAT on the end of it?!?!?!)
Open: The Artist w/RIT Professor Skip Battalia's short-Car Crash Opera, Cont:Sophomore, Iron Lady,Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy,Descendants
Awesome post. I loved the Marilyn Monroe painting.
Another great day of skiing at It started snowing as we were leaving. It should awesome day tomorrow, I wish I could go.
..."I've got a new girl, now... and she's a lot like you!" Officially in my 'happy place"; thank you... ;)
David Letterman is killing Weiner . . . LOL
youre such a sweetheart Goldi! Bless you!
What a marathon, but worth every second.
why would Rod Smith mess around with the State Senate when he can easily run for AG or Governor. Makes no sense.
Special thanks to our vendors! The heart & soul of the event! Their enthusiasm & trust of us is valued beyond our ability to express!
ok I gotcha that's wat I like to do one of my passions I'm glad u loved it. :-)
Banana Cream Pie with Salty Bourbon Caramel via
I used to think if i only slept with one stuffed animal, that the rest would get jealous & kill me .
Eleanor Marx~ By the time your life is finished you will have learned just enough to begin it well.
do you happen to have a safety pin in the office I can borrow?
Now my friends associate me w/ zines so much that whenever I talk about something, they say "make a zine about that!"
Like #TBH anything can be abbreviated these days. [~_~]
brilliant book
RT remove toxic people from your life - eliminate those who seek to exploit and hurt you
Sometimes you just have to let people go so they can be happy and move forward in life
thats what i said but i aint gonna be usin it i got that surround sound
I loved studying romeo and Juliet!
The tide is high but I'm holdin on. I'm gonna be your number 1
totally stoked to see the season premier of #DoctorWho tonight! The Doctor comes to America--can't wait to see him sporting a Stetson!
i'll go if you'll go!
It's like Twilight, but with lots more sex, and spankings, too. Excellent brain candy.
Do you feel like we do?
Wathcing #theFlintstones! You rocked as Betty!! Love that giggle! Always makes me smile!
Want personal art for the holidays? Contact stunamidraws(at)gmail(dot)com by Dec. 10th . First come, first served.
i have watched u, and the whole taps team since season one. It will not be the same without u! Plz stay connected! :)
I was thinking about investing in Gold as a commodity on the NYSE. And then I found out I actually own $1600 of actual gold
Hey guys I totally get it, I play with my own tits all the time
Where's Stephen A?
Not having yet listened, what's the over-under on Jiggly Caliente being the one who hasn't seen #parisisburning?
Multiple bases and an RBI no less!
Is my stomach growling?
Glad that you like that we like! To God be the Glory!
Naps are fucking legit.
House tour w docent acting as leprechaun and interpreting history of house as story of how leprechauns helped house and family
should have scored again
BW3 watching Heat take this series n 6...
not sure if I'll be home then. I'll ring you.
coreys playing his damn guitar...WTF.
Song of the Day: "Let It Die," by Foo Fighters.
7 Eleven poppin up down the street.
stressful day! Blergh
Love our new logo? Many thanks to creative folks at Eurie Creative for bringing together a love of science and the style of Vegas.
#Bannedbooks? WWBD - What Would Ben Do? Do you know Ben?
got mine today as a late birthday gift from my grandmother for the Hollywood show :) can't wait!
Braun needs to chill the f@$k out. He's been riding the umps lately.
its a compliment, don't worry :)
Congratss! You look so different than when i saw you for !
Big Sean sound bored all the time.
just got home from the most amazing night of my life <3 ;)
Don't jinx this great weather. I'm holding out for January. RT : when is going to snow!!????
you should be the first janoskian to follow me
Leadership is about taking time away from short term needs to focus on long term goals.
look who it is
love! am I missing an option to subscribe via rss?
I am feeling a huge 2nd half for Chase Tapley to bring back #SDSU Let's
BITCHES TALK HELLA SHIT ON THE INTERNET!! NOW WHEN I SEE YOUR REAL WEAK ASS IN THE STREETS YOU TURN THE OTHA WAY!
So mad
I fixed it! Jeez!
today's fashion is " nude"
RT : Yes. We’ve used games with several clients, including VeriSign, Rackspace, Cisco, and Jive, to name a few.
idk?! Can't sleep...started twatchin
I'm asian ._. If you don't wash your hair, you'll get a dry scalp.. that's what they all tell me.
lucky bitch! I is so jealous! I miss my baby!!):
Omg I had said..would it Ethier makes a Homerun..& then u know it..It makes a homerun!! Yaya!! #Dodgers leading 4-0
I feel like I am going to toss cookies
#ImThatPersonWho sticks up for my family no matter what the situation is ,
Was just given possibly the world's largest cream puff...I am what I eat. Thanks Kim!
you and me both!! actually I'm out right now! this day is DONE!
#Dodgers have a day off today and back on the field tomorrow in LA vs the Washington #nationals. 7:10 game start with Kershaw on the hill.
come on Tribe RT “: Longest #OpeningDay game in Major League history. Happening now in Progressive Field. 16th inning.”
Had a great dinner with We highly recommend the pretzel baguette, salads and short rib "burger". Yum!
My phone autocorrects "chyea" to "chyeaaaa!" Living the dream, guys.
i have the best man ever!!!! he surprised me with him coming home earlier then he said he would!!!!!!!! ah i love him
Thank you for the guitar pick in san antonio, I forgot to come and say hi. :(
iim for real
I like it when fat girls run. My favorite hobby is probably watching overweight bitches try to run hahahahahahaha
Getting Ready for Court Wish me Luck I'm praying that It's a Good Outcome.....
I like people too much or not at all.
CPAC Chicago is in a few weeks. I'm sure the campaign will be there. Hit them up. I wanna come just for the food.
You ROCK dude!!!! MWAH
yeah I wanted to teach yoga. I took 4 semesters of it.
Always intend your puns!!
Woo! RT : pulling in the first place award for best series/documentary! That's my friend!!
I KNOW!!! I am, too. He deserves this. American Idol is I'm just so speechless!! Yay!!! :D
Hi there!
“Writing saved me from the sin and inconvenience of violence.” -Alice Walker
If there is any sign that the Caps are picking up steam as the season heads toward its conclusion
Joey Shepp (SocialVenture) thanks for the follow.
We hope everyone is having a WONDERFUL Wednesday!!! - The crew at AvantGarb
There had been one shooting about a year ago, a block away from work. Crazy b/c it's a high commute area.
Looks like #diablo3 servers are crapping out again.
matt and Kim. Duh.
Great meeting guys. Looking forward to getting to work on this campaign with you.
Here at the hotel right next to the handicapped parking, hybrid parking. Never saw that before.
MT: Why build a library when you have GOOG? // We can't just snort & dismiss this question.
woohoo - that's great news!
Too many astrologersindescribing a #Scorpio forgettoemphasize how loving, generous kind loyal even gentle a Scorpio can be.
well, im not tired at all
Thank you #WhereConf for the live stream. Couldn't make it this morning, but have enjoyed the keynotes. Specifically now w/ .
And I have a short list of invitees. Best part is, it's an 'open source' panel.
#newbalance my custom 574s were delivered today while I was at work. Stolen before I got home. Heart broken.
What are you thinking about right now?
Just about everytime I get on twitter I shake my head in frustration. Touch your bottom lip to your top lip please!
Trouble on my mind so much trouble on my mind..
awww ! that is so sweet :) yeah sleep probably is an issue :) are you working a lot too?
okay! I will :)
thank you for the RT!
I can't wait for you all to hear the new record...not to far from the finish now.
please tweet the phone number
apparently, they found people! They overlook the backyard at Stubb's. Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
it's on bros
ABOUT TO FINISH OFF MY BLUNT FROM LASTNIGHT!
my choices create my reality
RT : Who or what is your biggest burlesque inspiration? Tag your response #BQinspire so we can see the answers!
If it were not for hope, the heart would break. - Thomas Fuller
Hm.... MW3... BF3.... Pass out on Couch Watching shows on teh Nook tablet? Cant' decide...
What would George Eliot have to say about all this, I wonder?
Howdy. #FF to some
aw how cute:)
BEST RECORD STORE EVER is in POMONA, CALIFORNIA next to THE GLASS HOUSE. AMAZING!!!!!!!
One person requests to keep the #bmorehistoric blog up!
Doing work making money
Do You Get Some Of Your Music from Media Fire ?
It's my beautiful sister's 30th Birthday! Thankful 4 another year of celebration as she touches many lives! I love you L!!
What a report; four cops, six fire martial, and two reports. What a day.
Two thirds of Google's acquisitions succeed, says David Lawee, Google's head of corporate development
thanks for following me Taj. Means a lot to me! Oh and good morning!
lol its on Vevo tho I just watched it there :)
My pleasure. My good buddy recommended the products! Looking forward to the cocoa shake.
yes it was!!!
It may not always be profitable at first for businesses to be online, but it is certainly going to be unprofitable not to be online. Esther
You have a charge to keep and a God to glorify! Dr. Booth
I have the exact opposite problem at Burger King. You have to ask for ice. 900000 Bazillion degrees in August and still.
It's not truly a storm until I lose my signal. Any minute now...
many thanks!!!
Fastest adrenaline rush. When you forget to eat and don't need to sleep. This is passion and I am #superwoman "always with God"
Why do you hate Voyager? In 140 characters or less. ;-)
My album "Sentimental Swing" just topped the Roots Music Report's Hawaii Roots Radio Airplay Chart @ #1 ahead of Bruadda "Iz" !!!
hey mama! How are you? What are u up to? I finally graduate this semester :)
I cant make $$$ if i'm sleeping
me too, and avoiding people who will remind me of his word.
what is wrong? just email to manic panic. they will help you.
must be crazy!
Frank Vignola ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
Wow. Massive turnout for in BayHo! Amazing all these people fit!
I'll hang up and listen.
First in class orphan products often experience lower regulatory hurdles due to critical unmet needs
“: The month is almost over - what is one #design project you'd like to complete this month?”move closer to IKEA!
Earlier this evening I did the #P90X #CoreSynergistics workout. #Week4 started today.
Considering the lack of pass protection, Brees not getting injured today is a victory.
for some people...
Hugo was Constance's husband whom she shot.
Where was this taken?
not watching right now, but I think you have it right. Lol
IM JUST AS EXCITED AS YOU FOR AUSTIN'S LA CONCERT CAUSE I LIVE THERE AND IM GOING PROBABLY! I CAN'T WAIT!! GAHH CAN'T BREATHE
I need to go to the mall
Jeffrey Lancaster: and = All incredibly useful for personal archiving
Thanks so much! RT Hope I Week is going well at Ball State.
Meeting people awesome people using the #free mobile #app --
: So by the time you guys finish "saving" the economy, women will be making all the money.
Doing what I do best: Math Problems!
Hilarious! MT : Someone at #mw2012 promised article re: tech destroying memory. He must have forgotten, & I can't recall who it was.
i just got home from work so sorry i missed it maybe next time SING, WORSHIP and GIVE GOD PRAISE, God bless!!
You know you are getting old when you are signing autographs to kids who's parents came to see u when they were young at Skate w/the Badgers
when you come i want enchiladas with rice
you have better hair than her btw.
jamming OUT to yellowcard "only one" right now. will always be my jam ;)
Without wearing any mask we are conscious of, we have a special face for each friend
#ChuckNorris digs graves with a shoe horn.
Extra possessions and kicking out to Chris Paul when defense is all messed up should be good for two wins.
Trivial pursuit? Trivial Pursuit!
Don't you just love it when your having a good hair day =D
I will officially feel more grown up when I don't live in an apt that still has a faint musk of smoke city.
Communism only works on the internet.
beatles, stones, zeppelin! :)
It feels good to have someone to talk to that knows what things feel like ..
Nice ? fm audience abt whether we should attach the "value-sensitive" modifier. Why not internalize that to just design? If only.
Enjoying on the #Emmys promos and wondering when we're catching up next
if you follow me, I'l run down my st. screaming . Stay Grand! Stand Grand!&If You're Not weird, you're not GRAND!+ I'd Cry.
You really think she is? C'mon?!
EXPLODING Fast & FURIOUS Scandal : WHAT did OBAMA know, and WHEN did he know it.....
please don't fight me sir :// But I will definitely tell you how my final goes tomorrow. We get our scores back instantly ugh.
Working on multiple Future Gun Films logos: where typography and laser guns collide. -JO
Obstacles are things a person sees when he takes his eyes off his goal
FUCK YOU. YOU HAD THE LAST OF THE TRUST IN MY WHOLE BODY THEN LEFT FUCK YOU.
either way, had better get their cameras out pronto. I am currently renting, aka wasting money.
Lol. Have you seen 's latest twitpic? Check it out. RT : But I really *am* influential in zombies and bacon. :P
Today I submitted a final paper, my PhD letter, 2 conference proposals, and copied my spring syllabus & first essay prompt.
I wonder if they take credit or debit for the #saa77 on-site registration...?
Happy birthday, Joe!!
Not doing so great at my #newyearsresolution2012. Finally installed TweetDeck, we'll see if that helps.
Actually Hamas has also killed a LOT of Muslim Civilians. They are willing to kill anyone who does not support them
"Drinkin and dreamin" with Loser's finest
You leave me here wondering if I'll ever know, How much you care, or how much you don't. <3
Wierd people are normally cool.. its strange people u gotta watch out for.. lol
Duty = shitty day --staying at this hotass hospital and not seeing my boy..........oohuckingrah -____-
Driving while texting is dangerous. I would never do that, besides I don't have time I am too busy eating spaghetti
Just scored another A-List Interview for our Debut Issue. LOVE this job! Love it!!!
Enjoyed Shen Yun Performing Arts at Portland's Keller Auditorium on Friday.
And Kyrie said he's in it for the long haul. I've heard that before. I'll believe it when I see it.
TheSportsHorn said early in draft process last year that TJ Yates was the #1 Sleeper QB in the Draft. Houston listened
Garden Cafe in #WoodstockNY RT Looking for #vegan-friendly #HudsonValley restaurants for an upcoming #foodcolumn. Any suggestions?
This New York weather is just a tease for the upcoming Spring season!
hahaha. That is quite unfortunate.
I thought they were just trying to optimize traffic light timing
I remember 12. Hold on for the ride, it only gets better.
ah.. Now I'm "clueless"? That's cool...typical loud mouth sox fan...
you love the slick back! Its just gonna be a smaller version lol
My beautiful wife will be on today! She is awesome. Watch it and see her live!
“: when does the studyin for ethics start?” NEVER MUHAHAHAHA
Honored to be speaking at Wake Forest University tonight. Looking forward to seeing many Returned Peace Corps Volunteers!
Can you give me a shout when you are around? . I need a favor. :)
Awesome -- will be following closely from DC!
you would be spilling chocolate milk. Like chocolate people. Hahaha
would love to see you in that Kentucky uniform playing in front of 24,000 screaming diehard UK fans every game. Go Cats
Thanks for the news of the first Humpback Whale sighting of the season!!
it's an iPhone/android app. There are a bunch all based on the couch 2 5k program.
Make a decision to be successful right now.Most ppl never decide to be wealthy and that is why they retire poor! Call now 1-646-397-9817
Call me maybe just came on the radio!!
yes! i'm in la soon too. would be fun to catch up!
Do not feed your cat ice cream. No matter how much she begs just dont do it.
glad to see the link to on you latest issue ;) thank u!
would be fun to meet up and share some stories while we're there. let me know if you get some free time
Is it a Dell running Ubuntu?
Tweeting from my new iphone, yet I'm still not hip, cool or whatever the kids say these days.
Hi, cute leprechaun! Happy St. Patricks Day! :) xoxo Love you!
Happy Hour at the Crimson Canary from 3-6pm! 141 S. Broadway!
Hey Chrissy....I will take a cake w/ buttercream icing. Actually I want a body covered in buttercream! lol
#latex2 = $10 to get in. tonight @ frequency. Party of the year
What would you do differently or change if you had more money?
Whoohoo! Back atcha! RT : Psyched to work with on a proposal. This is going to be awesome.
Did you know that KeyMetric tracks phone calls and other conversions to ppc keywords & search queries as easily as tracking click-throughs!
GTL in preparation for Bahamas!! Wooopwoooop!
RT“: Thanks 2 the Feds 4 mandating we lift the illegal cap on FamilyCare, but I'll take credit for it if u want."
Just pared down my LinkedIn connections. My view: if I don't know who they are, why did I ever connect to them? No value for either of us.
Julian-Yellow oh and Jared-Green
Happy Birthday my friend! May the new year bring you nothing but blessing!
#fridaylistens finished Caleb's Crossing by Brooks and started Brava, Valentine by Trigiani
Will we burn inside the fires of a thousand Suns...
Bryce Harper, join Lou Gehrig in having home plate be your first steal.
What a whiner...who actually cheers for this guy? RT NFL needs full-time officials
things change indeed! where are you these days?
can I have your autograph ????
Why do I bother with this fucking team?
Half time: Magic 54 Celtics 36 - Ouch! Celts couldn't get any offense going too many TOs and easy baskets for the Magics. Come on Cs!!
The next generation media companies will not look like the past. Via
Tiger Driver 98~!
Apple says Steve Jobs has resigned as CEO.
Summer hours for Whiskey Chicks - no more lunches on Saturday and Sunday we will open at 4 pm those days.
Not my fault heaux...
i've reach a #followlimit. will follow back as soon as I can ppl
More for
Happy Birthday to Professor Jones today!
Thanks for the follows! and and and and and ! Have a great day!
Tor where you at
Updating my twitter account, something new to play with .. LMAO
Cool! Why were you on epr?
Russell Wilson over Nick Foles??? What are you doing NFL teams. Your all messing up.
not if I get shit for Boston from pacers fans
I see. Is it because I made that Alabama joke that one time? Lol
Did you survive the rainstorms??
Unnecessary drama <
Playing tonight at The Building in East Nashville! 8pm! followed by Gimmie shelter rolling stones tribute
just being chris
Happy Mothers Day
2 days away from saying goodbye to Wisconsin and hello to Chicago!
hey gota tell you about the weekend. BTW got a court order for a judge to sign. Back on a plane again in a day.
I'm feeling really grateful for highlighters today.
Happy New Year Everyone...Happy New Year, Happy Jack
Some people need a huge slap of reality... in the face.
Doing minimal work in gym
we just worked out! You're excused lol
Congrats to the fierce USA & Japan women's soccer teams for making it to the World Cup finals!!
Thankfully no snow in #Seattle. Spring has sprung!
what app is that dude?
RT Big game for the GHF supporters and were outstanding.
When u start to write a book the 1st page is most difficult. After the book is written it better be damn good or it shouldn't be
I like it. You guys do it right
Ordered Chinese food. Made it through some of my apps but couldn't even touch my sesame chicken. Weak sauce.
That reminds me of how Tony Schivonne on WCW always used to say "Hogan has the hardest hands in this business!"
Brian, any chance you could snap a pic of either you and/or the winner of the basket and send it to me? Jaime forgot to take 1
Oh, Julia. How are you going to run from yourself and run after your husband at the same time?
It feels like haven't tweeted in a long time. I hate when my wife does spring cleaning. It takes 5 years!
my pleasure
| Thanks for the follow! Let us know if we can be of service to you.
The only two people I have chances of seeing is Dylan and Alabama capital only because they live like 10 mins away... No austy for me.
Saw you on KXAN; you did well...
Where ever you are whatever your doing i know you've thought about me and i've thought of you too!
I have an eye but cant see, I am stronger and faster than any man alive, but I have no limbs. What am I?
Biggest mistake ever. Ruined everything.
Thanks for the DBF retweets. Have a great weekend.
go hard get the fuck out my bedroom askin me question
! Just watched another beautiful sunrise in Sunny San Diego!! What a great way to start another gorgeous day!
I wanna see it so bad, and you! Champagne sunday soon? Also aren't you comin' to beefs?
Great way to end the day! 5 mile sprint on the bike! ...maybe i've been watching the Tour de France too much
So good to find the BBC and CBC... good radio is...well...so good!
#FF support local radio! Follow Fridays!
And you niggas money funny call that shit Martin
#PunxsutawneyRomney will get caught each time. He thinks it's 1965, we get information before he lies! Next up, Voter Fraud
We're maxed out on shorts all color and styles: jean shorts, and cargo shorts. Come and get them before they go cuz they are going fast.
sporting a #MasterLock on
Why don't we get #happybirthdayjulian trending for !!!! Huh?
I went to that, too! It was amazing. And also incredibly annoying when people kept hissing throughout the witch's scenes.
nice little cupcakes, precious little cupcakes ...
Well damn idk what to tell you um just don't put no holes in the pillow lmao
awww, i'm still getting used to seeing you refer to her as "the wife." too cute! :)
Think about not going to my MATLAB class tonight. I'm too excited for my vacation this weekend!
The last #VVS11 happened in Salem MA 300 years ago. Back to the future?
Fresh off work.. bouta pass out
#Badgers going for the title today. Go get 'em fellas RT : National anthem, complete. Final day of #B1GTF ready to roll.
thank you :)
Thanks for the follow, Mackenzie.
The game starts in an hour, get here now for a $2 hot dog'
i know i began to cry
Men love a woman who is a little bit #crazy lol
I'm still sore??
ha ha that was a long time ago Gabe..
I got two numbers too !
:) thank you!!! RT : #HA2Crush yea… she just cute enough to mention…
You ever had something that smell so good that you wanna eat it even though it's not food ?
why can you and not close a freaking browser window already
Getting excited when you figure out your mom got cheetos and cupcakes at walmart yesterday.... #fatassprobz (;
STILETTOS INTENSIFIES MY CURVES
I'm sure there's a good chance of that lol
The only thing you can be sure of with the #Raiders is that they will do the dumbest thing imaginable!
Putting on my Casting Director hat tomorrow! We still need o recast the last role!
Follow me on instagram for a follow back..
is gonna show y he is on a level the no #QB has ever been on im predicting 5 tds with 400+ yards qbr.130
we are using Jinghua. Is that what you use?
took the rest of the after noon off from work ; hopefully i feel ok by manana
It's time to go for broke ..., give TEBOW this season to show anything if not suck for luck .... It's a win win !!
God bless this beautiful country! I walked outside early this morning, trees are in full bloom, looking at the lake, and birds are singing!
finna take a walk
Shoots Wide!! RT": I'm surprised can get any practice in because he's too busy staring at his reflection in the glass"
yes, change in twitter postings based on organizational policies at new work place would affect psychological profile generated
I CAN'T WAIT EITHER (:
KMSL u know dis frd but I'm found somebody soon no more running I found somebody she cool
Vegas should be scared of us!! LOL
You have to walk that mile in the worn in, comphy shoes. Not the fancy dress shoes.
Adult diapers should be offered in sexy prints and provocative cuts.
How is it that I never get tired of 's "Stronger" album? Maybe cuz it's her best album yet and she's a flaw free legend?
same.. Now excuse me while I sing ruby
We have a show coming up the end of June in LA @ The House of Blues & we'll be playing 5 new songs! More on that show soon!
that's cuz you cut your tequila with crack cocaine..come and be a happy drunk
That's true. That would be a good start.
Soccer USA win on extra time 1-0 to Venezuela in friendship match in Arizona
other than Thome are there any other active players who homered at Cleveland Municipal Stadium?
I'm not sure if I ever told my followers goodnight, but I am tonight. Sleep well, loves! ^_^
We have some upcoming show dates for THE ENDERS, DYNAMIC BOX, & More! Check in frequently and Support Local Music!
Google's Chief Health Strategist, "We learn to boil people down to numbers."
gorgeous, would love to get you in front of my camera sometime this year.
Still not over the fruit basket thing? jfc.
This is bullshit that I'm up already
Got all this glitter crap on me wondering where it came from
RT : RT : Happy #EarthDay! Remember, the greenest building is the one already here! Hug your local historic site!
Hi Tweeters!
yes we can
Best fun Saturday ever :D Thanks Dad
Maybe 600 W Chicago will be back on the schedule next week?!?
"Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be stronger men." -John F. Kennedy
Excited to hear what makes so great and makes up for its unfortunate location :)
Stay tuned. I heard rumors....
So how many days before Mitt Romney says he supported gay marriage first?
RT : RT : Big up to ma TEAM & Follow them an show ur support <3 Thanx guys!
"Hill, I did not aspire to the Presidency so I could set brother against brother," Mr. Lincoln said. "And yet I have."
#IfSheCant roll a blunt - Ima think she never had a real nigga
Don't miss Blue Moon Cafe at Cooking at the Market tomorrow. Chef Brian will be doing "Country Time Fresh"
is it weird that #fridaythethirteenth is one of my favorite days??
you're not blocked, I think it's just a privacy setting
Ford group VP of marketing James Farley Jr. just praised Nissan Leaf, said the feel of driving an electric car is a "turn on."
I can't ever wear khakis without feeling like a dude or a mom.
WELL SHIT I DON'T KNOW
Saw my first #Mobbed tonight needed to see what was tweeting all about. Best hour spent tonight!
thx:) can u help me get noticed by him??
Just so we're all clear, I wouldn't take a bullet for any of you.
Interesting developments via Amazon, Dropbox, Google and You Win in Cloud Music Copyright Decision (MP3tunes)
Been on the grind since 9am. Time to close the work email & shut down for the night. Must find my way to the ocean & beach ASAP!
in my opinion, you guys did the best at Warped this year. And honestly one of the best live bands I've ever heard. #leveler RT?
u liked me walrus sniffing you
Usually that chunk::new OOSS error occurred while JVM was not at max heap usage, and OS still had plenty of room too
Indoor painting. Another rainy day!!.
Found the lacquer man! Also, what's a lacquer?
ME TOO we can all be equally BROKE!!
My night ? So far, so good
Ack, see! Even tweeps indicate how much I need to learn.
we got u homie going down Jan 28th touring the streets of Paris At the Razz Music House CEO
Heading to the Ofield Dukes Diversity Summit tomorrow? Be sure to use #PRSADetroitDiversity in your Tweets!
The overworking of the brain at expense of all other functions must have had a fatal effect even on children of robust temperaments (1855)
Spam is a huge hassle these days. I wouldn't want to run a mail delivery system.
“: Hope class of 2012 stays safe tonight. #havefun #muchlove”
invites you to our May Wine Tasting @ 455 Capitol Mall courtyard in Sac 4:30-6:30 pm May 20th featuring Judd's Hill & Chateau Routon wines!
Had a productive day. Now time to sleep! :)
The Note is nice but it serves a different audience and is not as powerful as this phone. RT : not big enough,
Cathy Bates playing dead Charlie Sheen on "Two & a who gives a Shit"... Chuck Lorre probably thinks he & that show are still funny
This summer, WOULD YOU RATHER....kayak down the Chicago River OR take a river architecture tour? Or both??
that worked, thanks
being out would be a deathknell to their title hopes. Even if healthy, I thought OKC or SA would beat them.
rain in the city
#parenthood season finale is next week?!?!?
#itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
wow. I'm impressed that you continued to answer all the comments.
I followed your kitty into your closet and may have lost my camera :)
Today had to be like the worst day ever. Not only did I have to see my grandma all day but then my aunt came over.
I'm trying to watch Katt Williams on Comedy Central but there are so many bleeps I can't understand the man. Loosen up CC!
subtle indeed!
I want to get a massage.
Drs appointments today, hope fixed soon, wanna workout again, have 2 start all over,
i wish my boyfriend went to this school.
This is really bothering me
Spent 20 mins looking for my other slippers my lil girl hid from me...
Straight up and down: If you make music and don't love Bad Brains, get the fuck out of my life. You know nothing.
Thanks for sharing your find. Wallis Bird sounds great! Too bad her second album isn't downloadable in the US (yet?).
it's not a tail if it attaches in the front.
First angry rejected artist/writer email today - we are officially a real journal!
time for Top CHef!
A baseball game is simply a nervous breakdown divided into nine innings.
I am on a MLM training/support group call - I read my Vision Letter to the group
Where have I been? I don't have to travel 90 minutes to visit my favorite place to eat anymore? Thank you just made my day!!
Haven't drank a soda all day! This mess sucks!!
I'm at the world famous comic strip live tonight at 10:30. Unlike ESPN, I won't be telling any racially insensitive jokes about Jeremy Lin.
Diana would say I also like Sarah M and Celine Dion. Diana is a hopeless romantic. Good possibility that Diana met her soulmate before she
Never ignore a person who loves, cares & misses you because 1 day, u might wake up & realize you lost the moon while counting the stars.
In the film the Ister, Stiegler explains what is human. The dog plays an illustrative or exemplary role in the def.
where you guys all heading tonight
I heard that too but why be mad? I dunno...
You look so great!!!! Super hottie!
Bumping Tupac This Morning In The Kitchen!
Las Vegas HCG is THE source to buy HCG in Las Vegas. Use "Facebook" coupon code for your FIRST order to save $8!! www.lasvegashcg.com
hey what's the topic for next tues meetup? I think I might finally be able to make it again
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to keep clients in touch with what you do. Ask us how: 918-271-0062
from Vermouth to God's ears, or something like that!
Basketball tournament tomorrow :)
My phone wasn't cooperating during the sessions today...either no signal or low battery...very frustrating to
#RetroonthePatio is in effect again this week. The era = Nifty Fifties. The sound = doo wop! Good times! Thurs, May 3rd, 6 - 9 p.m.
Whitney will be MISSED and will ALWAYS be remembered...May You Rest In Peace
you think? I think it's a difficult decison-I know too many ppl that will burn him f/this....
most definitely! she's so soulful!
f there's a march2 archdiocese any chance of dialogue2 let OSF feed the poor if church won't? opportunity2 @ least engage?
Cause once you give away the pussy then your fucked right?
i got the song chopped
THIS SHIT NEVER GETZ OLD
Then why's it always feel so heavy?! Light on the surface perhaps, but structurally and institutionally as ingrained as ever
where at?
Idc!!! I like my poster!
Man do I hate seeing a lead like that squandered. Might as well give the #flyers a little hope cause they're going down in 5
Ever wonder where customer service went? We bought it, hook line and roller! We have perfect customer ratings for a reason.
No alcohol, no TV, & no $... this weekend is going to SUCK!!!!
Want to know how to reduce the pain or number of your migranes? Tips and tricks from Dr. Will Clower, this morning on Pittsburgh Today Live!
It's a real mierda show here in Brickell 💩
. - tell those people to go to their library. The retweets are hilarious, btw!
I always try to avoid doing that! Unfortunately, it doesn't always work.
Everyday a new man professes his love for me. I politely refrain from rapping " ninja you don't love me, ninja you don't love me, GUCCI!!!
So I have beem high since 8:00 am yesterday
LOL you crack me up hun. You will check in on Twitter once a week and read all my useless drivel. MUAHH
Yes. In reference to my braces... I think you can safely file that one away as a joke. If anything, I'd put diamonds put in them.
Went to the mall bought stuff at wet seal and Clairs got starbucks too. Chillin now just put up a new Taylor lautner poster!!! Lol
oh that would have been nice too! Sorry u couldn't. I had no such plans-am at home doing #genealogy :-)
ós Listening to #SigurRós today and LOVING IT!
Hopefully it doesnt take all day but last time we were there til 930 so Im prayin we can get this work done at a reasonable time
Good morning #COSprings. What a great morning it is. Clear blue sky and its going to be a warm one today.
Heading home for what's left of my weekend. I'm leaving you in the hands of my capable co-worker Peace Homies!!!
YES YES I DO HE IS CLEARLY CRAZY
It sounds like summer outside.
#Actors, Try groups like , wift.com, etc. It's a great way to network and meet filmmakers who could potentially give you jobs!
You have to see this! Romantic, Fruity, Flowery, Nature, what's your Perfect Scent?
Why is everyone feeling some type of way this morning?
Tami deleted her twitter. When this happen....
Middle of the school day & I'm ready to call it a wrap lol. Ready for the weekend to start and some chillaxen to begin ;)
Lmaooooooo.......what u know bout that life youngin
i know a lot of people who resemble dinosaurs
Yeah, I'm the guy that looks silly getting a sody pop out of the machine using nickels and dimes.
Santa Monica steps!!!!!
about that. I plan I hanging there till 8ish at least.
If Tammy was my friend whenever we going out to classy places she will get curved..
Matt and I are coming up with company names. S&M Productions is probably our fave. LOL....
hey Christian please can you RT #RN20 it's for my best friend who took his own life Sunday please it would mean a lot
blessed bro Bout to drink this protein shake.
You can never see Cursive too many times (right ?). My birthday is during WPF, too. *fingers crossed*
Workout complete for the day. Got my 5 miles in @ the park with my teammates. I'm motivated now and I love it!
I have watched Off The Pitch, like three times, can Saturday get here please????
I'm pretty good.(: whatcha doing?
UPA & Refresh groups don't often cross over, unless someone belongs to both. I cross-promote to both groups since I led both.
2 MORE DAYS!!!
Decided to always check shoes after a weekend involving large button pins... otherwise, it can be
Mistakes are a normal part of business. Sincerely apologize for the act itself, not just for the unintended impact.
Ah ! Ate too many hotdogs :P
": “: love ur self. ur to young for love” yourself* You are* too*" ay dios mio u wood
Lazy Friday flow
Got a new boyfriend, do you? Ha! Kidding, friend. RT love me some
embraces pubic hair RT : Fellas chest hair is not sexy!!! Get that shyt taken care of!
anyways going to bed in a decent mood!! Goodnitee tweeters 💙💚💜😘
#TYVM for the restaurant week retweet!
Siriusgenealogy.com, new site for genealogists, riddled with spelling and grammar errors. Makes me question their attention to detail.
yeah u knew im bored:o
that sucks:/
Sounds like it's right up my alley! I'll be sure to get a copy!
Feeling kinda adventurous. This may be the beginning of a period of rule breaking.
Great first performance of this piece in #Colombia, though. Only going to get better from here.
maybe this summer sometime and that skinny shit don't matter when they a mma fighter lol nigga kicked me n my nuts and some mo ...
wasup wit a new song wen u makin some more MUSIC videos?
“: I'm wearing my old kicks 104.9 shirt to bed #memorylane” yeah, super intern
I don't doubt that... probably part of the reason people walk or bike.
lmao.... too funny!
fans like you are the best!!!
Haven't had a cigarette all day! Doing good..let's see how far I can make it!
where you at?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 26
Love the product, although I keep calling it Robo Quote when talking to my wife. This thing produces bids in no time.
I think I could need this. I think I'm scared. I think, I think too much.
thanks buddy!
NO SLEEPING!!
I love Kacie's blue dress.
going live with a new episode of Sportlandia in 5 minutes on www.trailblazers.tv!
RT : $0.50 from every South Bay Expressway trip today will be donated to Police Officers Assoc. fund for Officer Henwood's family.
we need a visit
Sounds like fun!!!
Oh nah, we are just friends....he really is good peoples....
My least favorite food to eat after smoking a fat bowl is now packing peanuts.
Uh oh... I may start to turn orange now!
its a hypothetical question. I'm just really sitting here trying to think what I would do.
can't wait to see you december 20 in orlando!!! // love you bro <3
Okay did you tell him to follow back if I followed him????
lol I love it
k i changed the pic- amanda
taking polls on the under/over of punctuality
those sound delicious, is it coconut milk (like ice cream) or like a mounds bar?
What up Gemini, yeah I know how u do :)
Masoli's third down pass deflected and intercepted, OSU runs it back to the Oregon 47.
i got 2 dresses! AH i love this store, its amazing. they have cloths like forever 21 and cool shit like Urban outfitters
No worries! Keep up the fantastic work!
I use honey on burns & skin tears it heals really fast :)
Fine by me... when I'm not home.
Damn fuck that lol I think this might be the first Convo we've had that isn't an argument!! Haha
If it were up to me, I'd have my walls cluttered with movie posters. My income, however, forces me to be very selective.
#cosign! I am so happy with them :)
so Blackie is out?
It's hard to look right at you baby, but here's my number call me maybe...
We concur! RT : Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
Java Training Bangalore|Java Tutorial Bangalore|Java Course ...
Opting for in-cabin dining tonight...think I'll be taking the roast chicken, baked potato and pecan pie, thankyouverymuch.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Mexican Strawberry Water (Agua de Fresa) 4.55 / 5 Stars | 33 Reviews by Olivia "Fresh fruit waters, or Aguas de
Great time speaking to athletes at IMG/Madden Football camp today at
I can't wait to get into it...the countdown has begun
thanks! Happy Derby Day! Is the Ball on the Mall tonight? I'm in DC for a bridal shower and want to hit Georgetown home tour
it's the barber code to be closed on Sunday b Monday b
Shoutout to !!! Everyone should follow her!!! <3
Me and almost just burned my goddamn house down #yolgdo #peeing 😂😂
"Want to shoot? Pry this ball from my cold, dead hands" -Melo Carmelo Anthony advised Lin last week not to come back too soon
wow and flutter
Yo is a problem!!
's office unveiled a new website this morning to track savings associated with their reforms, www.reforms.wi.gov
Huddles (the mobile app) are text-based, not video.
sure would. Kthanks
Sandwich Emporium is opened till 10 pm....Have a safe and fun weekend!
Gonna go sleep before
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man
After receiving so many amazing donations, www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com will be handing out Goodie Bags until 4 pm each day of the show!!
RT : Just had fascinating discussion with v large firm whose call volume increased 40-45% during Win7/Office 2010 rollout.
I wanna go to Baldwin now 😔 lol
I hope you're wearing green.... cuz I really don't want to pinch you.
Awesome, thanks !
thank you, Luticha! We have already fallen in love with her. :-)
Quite a compliment from a #grammywinner RT : Have I mentioned how good this place's food is???
Lol you getting them
- 1st of all, it depends on how much it costs SUM to have Barca come here!
RT : Come down to the Dakota lounge listen to Paul metza and try our mergers meatball
My brain really doesn't want me to fall asleep tonight... >:l smh!
Contratulations Dana--We'll be there Sunday
For #EdTech success, recommends standardization to decrease lost instruction time and increase adoption
excited about the idea innovation lab. if you're part of check out our Jerusalem Jewish Cabaret idea and vote for us!
Happy birthday to you ! We love you so much girl! Congrats and much gifts!
He's the man. Not only a man. But the GRANDman.(: Yes, I know. He's cute but not only cute, He can DANCE.<3 StandGrand
How cool! In show w/Philip Baker Hall (imdb.com) Theatricals. Don't miss us in case we're not extended! www.newamericantheatre.com
I luv u
Arbiters is only correct in certain context.
you were glasses me to post a pictures when you find them
Summer is coming and I can't wait to start playing
Eat dat pussy like some cold pizza!!
Just to clarify - are you talking about applecare or applecare+?
I can't stand her talking to you. I just don't like her -.-
Life is to short to sit around being miserable.
THE CULT OF PERSONALITY! BEST IN THE WORLD! LET'S FUCKING GO ! #WWE # Wrestlemania
WHAT?!! oh dear. It really helps for mild injuries.
let get money people fuck da haters
Also, this Twitter following limit thing is infuriating.
Thanks, I will! Enough cool new features to keep me happy for a while.
Looking for motivation
The final installment of our long march through William Sunners’ 1949 book, American Slogans. Enjoy the vintage slogans!...
EVEN THOUGH JAPAN HAS AN EARTHQUAKE LET'S STILL PARTY FOR THE NEW YEAR BUT BLESS THOSE IN JAPAN
You could totally be a public librarian.
oh man. Be prepared for awesome skillz!! ;)
My man is coming back home..I might have to get Pacer Season tics whenever the NBA is back...Yeeeeaaahhh G!
Girls grab eachothers boobies and it's cool. I try grabbin' my buddy's junk, and it's considered weird? WTF!?
wow!! thru the fog into mastery!! can't wait to meet you!
The question that now constantly plagues me: how much of what I'm now seeing is the product of the filter bubble?
Kinda up set..
Fuck Cheers, Marry The Simpsons, Seinfeld wants killing.
If you live in that mindset where money is power/MOB/ money is the motivation. I can't have you in my life... money is just paper to me
During dental-chair marathon, watched Jobs whip Apple developers into frenzy over iphone4. Distracted from drilling.
I just saw a guy picking up road kill. Uhm. Wtf are you doing with that sir?
Why is a Journey song on my television? Why?!!!! Mary, why?!
. 42 days ago, I called for 8 debates in the 8 counties of #NY27. No response from
#HappyMothersDay to all Mothers...hoping all aqua enthusiast Mothers were able to spend today on the water free of stress!
thanks! Nice to be home.
time is money so make every minute count
The #NHL playoffs are crazy! LA Kings 8th seed knocking out both the 1(4-1) and two(4-0)seeds? Fan of any sport must appreciate that!
Beat makers can go fuck themselves
Just to let you know, you need something strong like....I don't know....all your teeth pulled maybe?
I hate finding pictures of somebody that I used to know...
THIS FRIDAY tickets go on sale to see at the House of Blues in Chicago! Bring a friend and come! RT!
I can't.
I'm heading to your house now.
Did u watch Obama on the view today? What do u think of the things he said?
Haha. I love the song ! If rose would have stayed on the boat, jack would of been alive on that door or w.e. It was. Lol
k I'll add u to my contact list rite now
in Wisconsin they just did a live look in and said they would pick it up in the bottom of the 9th
like watching the games. think about to watch veep
Finishing lunch & then back to
How is school going?
If the Lakers lose to the Nuggets, I'll be embarrassed for all Laker fans..
Thursdays are more then just a bridge to the weekend, they are days were great accomplishments can me made!
pussy way out. At least no tax $ spent on trial and prison
Apple says 80% of U.S. hospitals "testing or piloting iPad."
And how many of those supposedly "iconic" #1 Rihanna singles (half of which are collabs) exactly memorable? Umbrella, das it.
I will never understand why the dudes who live upstairs are ONLY obnoxious and loud on Thursday nights. It never fails, every Thursday.
Really? I think it's because nobody really likes Romney, Santorum is sectarian, Gingrich is irrelevant, and Paul is fringe.
Great convo over lunch w/Ogdensburg PL (NY) director. Look for stories soon abt thin clients, training, using donations...
can me and take like a million pictures w/ you when We see you at the air port and at hoot fest..?! xx :D
loved meeting u <3
She needs to shut up!!!! Ugh so annoying
breakfast looks yummy!
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
left-overs are great lunches.
Yes lucky sob can't wait to see it
u got to get up in 2 hours..
Thanks girl!
. congrats on reaching 100K followers !!! 1Million next!!! C:
Awake :o
Making the final touches..the main structure of the site is live though! Check it out! GRE3NMNKY.com !!!
Well, thank you!
remember that one time we were friends and u used to talk to me?! I sure do miss those days...
Best way to get out of a text convo: "The message could not be delivered. Please try later. Error 226110"
That nigga just made me get weak as fuck. I taught yo ass well. Some real shit hahahahaha fuckin #payout n
thats what happened with me when I got mine out. Was back in action the next day.
#LSENetED the feed seems to be down on the talk
Umust have just unfollowed I can't DM you back. FYI Twitter DM is mainly spam so often totally ignored.Not a good way 2reach me.
I'm so behind in my work man << I have to get it together! 😖
This was the 7th in Super Bowl History Couldn't have happened to a better person than 12 for the Pats
How's fuck you you stupid lieing bastard
Bored out of my mind
hahaha, your crack me up!
dream chasers
Watching Friday Night Lights
smh at whores. they screw up everything!
There should be no school on Halloween!
bahaha, best addiction ever ;)
i cant even go out to the #club but its gonna stop tomorrow but its cool more time to spend wit #frinds #drinking and having
When singing in Florence the lights suddenly went out. 30 nuns held candles amongst us. The next scheduled work: This Little Light of Mine
Me too! Safe travels. RT can't wait to meet up in Chicago!
she told me you like that name fam
Stop stressing or worrying about something you cannot solve. Take it to God in prayer. Let God handle it for you.
Im Your Worst Cowgirl Nightmare ;) ahahha
MM..more later..
Come on in & warm up with us. Dbl Punch drink of the day is our delicious Caramel Mocha!
": we fell in love in a hopeless place..." We FOUND love in a hopeless place
Right, but only because he failed to use him against the lefty, earlier. Francisco should've been available.
hey thanks kaylee! you are awesome for checkin us out!!!!! keep in touch
": Your dignity always comes first. Always."not unless we fucking ladies imma dirty talk & disrespect ya in the bed lol
Eminem is so good looking omfg
Happy #ValentinesDay from everybody at Kravitz Dental!!
when? Because I haven't decided when I'm moving yet.
Thanks Thanks Thanks to everyone who came out last night! Great times were had :)
He's 11!!! Give it time. Lol
thanks for following Rich :)
Kinda just remembered it's #friday. Definitely doesn't feel like it.
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
Dear City of MPLS, thank you for fixing [removing the meteor craters from] that stretch of road between 280 & Stinson. I salute you!
Mimi Plange has done it again! Her immaculate collection takes your breath away! Talent unrelenting.
I wonder what my Lil dip doing...
Snow Snow go away OKC Party Bus wants to play!
its a must see
Am I the only Howard person who misses that weekend Brunch in the cafe!!! Quick use to kill those Omlettes
Today is what I have so today I will make amazing!
I miss you too. How have you been? Have you seen my XFactor audition? Will you be out here in June?
is playing in Jackson MS right now at the Old Tavern on George St. Opening up with Red Baron! COME OUT POST JUBILEE JAM AND FUNK IT UP!!
😂 my mom falls into DEEP sleeps and wakes up every two minutes. that medicine got her
Positivity begets positivity. And i positively want a lot of positive income.
Great to hear that Much love to you and yours from me and mine.
See what foodie Stephen Silveman has to say about in the May issue of !
A good friend and a wonderful author....Join me in following !
Wakey wakey.... Audition time and filming
congrats you all!
why thank ya! (:
Yes...that just happened!
Now it's really back to the grind...classes start tonight, 20 more weeks until I get my evenings back for good!!
I haven't listened to those Pitchfork chumps for several years now and my life is better for it.
Umm I get to see speak at the University of Iowa on Wednesday. Pretty cool, huh?
I agree, "aperture' is a seldom heard, yet useful term. Thanks!
#CHATTANOOGA: is gonna blow your mind tonight at 7PM at Tix are still available at the box office
If you are a new follower, that last one is me tweeting our new EP one line at a time. At this rate I will finish in early 2013.
dude ....my phone aint letting me call no one...wtf....hold up
If I'm bad tie me down shut me up, gag and bound me cos the pain in my pleasure nothing comes better yeah
Overtime is nice
Deflating No, puncture yes
I been good. Haven't spoken to you in a while.I miss you
I just wanna F.
We'll sell the Nexus but announcing a speculative or not final date would be a disservice to all customers.
Nice, how did ICORE treat you? I will be done after tomorrow until Wednesday when summer school starts.
A full cup must be carried steadily. - Proverb
that make me want to vomit!
If photos like that were on the phone, I'd sell them or blackmail someone to make them go away. Either way MONEY!!!!!
no pictures, you never document the chaos
#aam2011 "10k+ followers" session: make twitter work for personal comm using twitter chats---gets social media back to the personal again
I went to get Bristol Palins book signed for my friend when I was in DC for C-PAC...for all that goes on around her..she came off genuine
only cause she blocked me. Did she tell u about that
summer plans are complicated.
Your very welcome!
You're so right about that.
Tell me lies make 'em sound good
In the book of life, the answers aren’t in the back. —-Charlie Brown
Voldemort sounds like he sneezes when he casts spells in deathly hallows part 2.
Wow ! Let's start with taking Agency M out for libations first.
def need one
Mildly amused watching all the Indiana fans going crazy for Butler's comeback. less than thrilled.
#truth Susan Hockfield and Ursala Burns fireside chat: Ambition deficit in the USA. "The path to a better life is a better mind."
Great Gonna be another bad night :(
Well, all hell has broken loose.
Yay and ! RT : Big crowd at UIndy for discussion of community lessons learned before Big Game.
#WhyRelationshipsDontLast because as put it "women lie, men lie"
If he texts you while playing xbox... He LOVES you :) #bf,
and i've also seen that u made new vidz (: in ur next one can u make a shoutout to me ? (:
any ideas who will sign w/ #SKC today?
Strep freaking throat. That's all. Can you bring me soup and sing to me? Hahaha
Lmfao that was a hard foul, but come on Lebron that last extra flop was kinda gay
LIKE us on Facebook. Get the word out about BCBA exam prep. The May exam is coming up. Classes start at the end of March. Space is limited!
never texts me back anymore
magical powers bro.
Run him off a cliff break his legs then run down shoot him We are still somewhat backwards but still have guns and proud of it!
Tired of downtown. Having a 75 cent Pabst then going bowling. Anyone wanna join?
My mom doesn't tweet, that's why I called her on Skype & wished her a happy day :)
excellent Keira Knightly analogy
follow back!
Have you ever gotten your teeth shaved down? Oh my God, it tickles so bad.
we do have a pool out there :)
What shows are you looking forward to this weekend? Greensky Bluegrass with and looks tasty tonight!
Bernadette, winner of my gift certificate at the last event came for her facial today. She loved it! Such a sweet lady.
Shocking news update, the packers have more pro bowlers than the vikings. The good news for the vikings is they will have that week free!
When your hair starts to grow back after youve shaved <<<<
Aww, thanks :). Can't wait!
i dont know.. im just hella feelin the supremes right now.. just where im at right now .. i really dont know.. i'm serious...
i have 86 followers what you gonna do ? ya thats right, im a boss
Meditation creates inner contentment. The experience of Truth is knowledge, and True Knowledge is Bliss!
The Bobcats should be forced to play in the WNBA.
Just watched the best video EVER....my life is now complete
That's fine. Still better than "Thin Red Line" Army Men. All they do is recite poetry. And they won't shut up.
Happy 5th birthday to Twitter!
#askjosh Josh, you skyped me one time but then hung up...i was wondering why?
Everytime I look in the fridge there's Indian food. Fuck that im going to taco bell now!
Do-do-do… just checkin’ my 401k… la-la-la… entering my password now….hmm-hmm-hmm… *click* … … … AH!
There is a reason why "gay" is widely used as a metaphor for "wrong"...
thank you Ronda. You are so awesome.
Cross my fingers.
Trying to using new iPad as hot plate for my coffee but not working as well as advertised. Considering a return.
Your Love
Typography, yes. I also believe the entire experience has great pacing throughout.
haha we definitely do! Great minds tweet alike. Or something like that.
Now finally at the cashier and the system is down....geeezzzzzlouisssseeee
At this AM speaking at The Philanthropy Workshop
might be there soon. playing on bovada, but need chippies!
Well, you can't blame someone for what they don't know (and therefore couldn't act on).
Car show this weekend I do not have to work I'm as good as there
when are you going to be able to double click at the top of your desktop screen and return to the top of the page?
I don't know if I'd say that PAINT YOUR WAGON deserves a critical reappraisal, but there's a *something* there, on a proto-Brokeback level.
over a 66-game season, not as much randomness, but over two games, a lot.
Monday morning. Same shirt different day.
I'm prepared and ready to be the change I want to see in the world. Today is the first day. So excited to start creating ripples!
Oh we going off this summer my boy.
we could use your skills here...the sound is awful!!
want to golf next Saturday?
Your Stila blog inspired me to use the word "amazeballs" 3 times today. xo
[Not quite 1000, but abt 900...] MT #LawSchool Exam prep: CALI has over 1000 lessons. Ask library for CALI access code.
Tomorrow on it's Jamie Guerin from Whitehouse-Crawford; amazing #WallaWalla wine list. Next up, a secret:)!
Rathr be bored at work than bored and broke.
#IHateToBreakItToYou , but when you where fucking UGGS with shorts, it's not cute. Sorry, but you look like a fucking retard.
sounds good!
Happy Veterans Day from the SJS TEAM
At Martinsburg airport with annoucning 2012 Supreme Court candidacy in a statewide fly around.
that's unofficial
what kind of bizarre dreams? Bizarre scary, bizarre weird but meh or bizarre ridiculous? I don't remember mine :(
I am really interested in your tweets, but the links aren't working
#ThingsIHate Bad breath!
Are you going to the show?! :)
big shout-out to your mom! :) -lisa
Im pushing it big bro!
Now that was one hell of a Caps game. 13 in a row
hahahaha, that's something so dumb, even i wouldn't say it. XD
I'd be interested RT If there were an #OpenGovEast unconference would you go? Do you think many others would?
Congratsto Ben Hamner for winning 1st ever global #dsghack #dsgh #bigdataweek Thankyou to all that took part and made it such an amzing week
Follow Me Please(:
Congratulations! Great news!
go get em Nate!!
All the mistakes I make arise from forsaking my own station and trying to see the object from another person's point of view. ~Ralph...
Another week-end almost gone. Where does the time go?
attend what? Lol.
had a great night w you too!!!! <3
Hubby and I are working all day! Loving all the things that can get done when the office is quiet.
Seeking a Law #Librarian in #NYC! Contact me for details.
started a conversation with guy I see every day but never talk to. Likely not available, but it is the first convo with a male in months!
Happy Belated Birthday!! Hope you are well. Make sure to check out too! ;-)!
Give it a try and sign up for the competition, you never know !!!!!
Could you take Howard in your prime? Hm..
I Miss him but why he doesnt even feel the same.<|3
No better way to start the day than a hill run with and Team MCVET. Thanks guys. Remember to stretch!
Happy Fat Tuesday! We hear has paczkis!
Congrats on the site going live. Go .mil!
died 6 months from today </3...RT for our
yea but she don't follow back.
KSON RADIO CONGRATS Annalee of La Mesa taking the Road to Stagecoach!
Working on three Acoustic Rooster Parent/Teacher Video Guides with music, video, and cool information. And it'll be free.
To the 18,000+ visitors and 500+ volunteers at our annual booksale: thx for supporting reading and your public library! See you next year!
I miss and love you too!!(: Mann, y'all blew upp my phone!!(:
Omg I feel like a zombie. What a long weekend
i want to go to this.
you fell for the idol shit so shtthfkp
“Being realistic is the most common path to mediocrity.”
Man, I haven't heard one in so long...I figured they had all migrated south
Thanks Roxy :) spread the word!
Blacks are just supposed to clean up messes made by rich white people. But hell, that's what Obama's doing, right?
I rather kno then not kno at all!
We weren't able to rise and shine this morning- but for a fresh burst of energy, we're spending our LB doing yoga!
OUTSTANDING! performance on #SouthLAnd Bravo, dear sir! Bravo!
When you're walking by the lakefront, stop in to see Lake Bluff Condos on Prospect! Luxury homes w/ great views! www.lakebluffcondos.com
Sidebarh Volunteered 4 today teaching computer skills to snr. citizens. The lady I was helping (PhD, UES-sider) was hilarious!!
LOVED going to Phillips After 5 w/ ! The Degas exhibition amazed me!! Great work!
Word of the day is jerk!
Is there anyone who reads my tweets and is willing to respond to them??
our newest model
I'm like negative tired right now.
Saying "or not" when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
Check out my page
whta's happening to the un?????terrosrists make speeches!!!!
I'm going to go enjoy the Denver sun instead of reading everybody's terrible trade ideas. That one's for
every time I want to tweet to you it comes up with T-Swift first. I'm considering just unfollowing her.
always :). Thanks
Digital organizing at #demtraining. Pintrest? Huh?
Go Cubs Go!
mostly Jim was speechless I always have somethin 2 say plus im an outstandin athlete & never once been tired in my life
you need to interview Bob Uecker sometime. That would be gold!
Smh.. RT RT #TheSlander is alright...until it's about your team. > jus don't say nothing about LA n I'm good..
yours too
is soon to be a great role model. I will see you at the top!! -
Alone on my birthday...hm...lots of possibilities. So far, so good! I'm feelin' the virtual love coming my way...
Whats the deal with this merch pack thingerdo, ? I want one!
trying this new twitter on my site
u know i promise with my self i wont cry now.......... watching hachiko but everythime i broke my promise my self lol :(
Never confuse movement with action. -- Ernest Hemingway
thanks for the RT
Haaaahahaha! RT : Our national GOP poll, out tomorrow, finds Republicans like Sarah Palin more than any of their actual candidates
let's go see avengers at 9:30
hAhaha I like you to ! (-:
Good Morning
At this point in the morning, my mind is totally not in the mood to understand CSS & Javascript code that isn't working.
No no no honey you make us smile!
yes thank you. I think anyone with a pulse would know hey are lyrics from Rihanna.
I wish I could play basketball</3
Semester over. Time to get to writing.Conceptualizing a study that looks at Korean/Af. Am. interactions in market for hair.
Nothing's weirder than getting into an elevator with Leonardo DiCaprio. I should tell him, "I'm the Kin of the world."
Life sucks sometimes...
Idaho police investigating after 10-year-old brings semi-automatic gun ... - The Republic
ditto! Great pics Rosa! Natalie - we still need to brunch!!! Xo
wondering if social networks are a destination or a medium? probably end up more towards medium in the future.
imy no homo
I won't be walking around with a broke phone
Happy birthday to much respect for this guy, check him out(:
sack of assholes...again i say...female lingo now-a-days lol
just killed her speech. 👏😢☺
Love it! I'm going to start calling you Lissie again.
sorry u still there
does that mean I'm going to get sofy, brown & wrinklie? Ewwww.
LOL, how right you are! Greetings from the west.
Till your heart find a home, I won't let you feel alone cause baby I'm with you<3
it's so sad driving past the cemetary and looking at all of the mom's sitting in the baby section..
In the good words of my best friend "IT'S OPENING DAY!!!!!" or "BrOPENING DAY!!!"
I ment good night ha :p
Did you get your 'e-brief' newsletter from Boutique Design? They are featuring MP art in the next issue!!
Yup sure was. I miss JJ as Blazer
Time to catch up with Secret World of Arriety.
And I think I just heard gunshots.
thanks. Excited about the opportunity.
I meant porn stars....
coming to see you at Country Jam in Eau Claire next Saturday!! Any chance for a Meet n Greet?
o have u heard Thomas pridgen's new band The Memorials? That dude is SIK!!
OKC VS LA---Crazy Ass Game
So true! LOL
awh sorry :( i actually wasn't in that band.
Every expert has the #caps losing in the 1st round of the playoffs & a lot of them predict a blowout. I'm keeping the faith- LET'S GO CAPS!!
On the phone and webcamming with him <3
“: when are you leaving for OSU?” Cant go anymore 😔
2 Big Games tonight! NCAA B-Ball and LoCash Texas Holdem. Stop on By. JC
Thanks for the gallon of gas this am after running out on the 805! All u have to do is call 511. Awesome!
When you truly love someone, you have to be willing to sacrifice things you love. After all, the best things in life aren't things at all...
Andrew Cashner just hit 101 on the Padres' stadium gun. Probably not accurate, but either way that's gas.
New website in the works thanks to the fine people It's going to be HUGE!
Gernter WILL BE there!
Up for an early jog then off to work
Crossing state lines momentarily. Putting in a little lake house time!
Thanks! Hope to make it in the not-so-distant future!
On #sportsbiz overload. So many discussions, proposals and decisions. Will need some time to breathe soon, but not yet!
damn dem skinny bitches.
lol you suck at returning calls smh
It's raining. I need to put on a hood to walk and get some skittles and iced tea. What do I do?
thank you sir. What's good?
Doing a remodel? ..selecting a Design Build team...consider if your contractor works inside of a system or a box. CAN KILL CREATIVITY!!!
with that, I NEED JAVASCRIPT HELP. SOMEONE HELP ME PLEASE.
Pearl-cat most likely has food allergies. Now cats are eating Duck and Green Pea food. Why not Filet Mignon and Asparagus formula?
ain't that the truth! #rightbackatcha ;)
have so many emails in my inbox flagged as To Do items that the whole left column looks red. brb curled in a fetal position under my desk.
“: your boys quin and reed are adorable, love that show” My favorite show. Wait until you see Season 5 Episode 12!
^.^ I like that one, but I totally disagree about bein a hoe !
Stop comin up to me with your hands out?
RT If there is a way to do it better ... find it. -Thomas Edison
I wonder if i'm the only one who realized Kurt said Blaine Warbler. His last name is Anderson. Warbler is the glee group.
Stoked as fuck on the show tomorrow. DENNY'S after the show? and
Totally. See, great minds think alike!
Thanks for a great show, hope everyone enjoyed!
Oh hello, pants that don't fit me anymore.
You're a sexual Panda. You can do this!🐨 Koala! Close enough!
The Six Finger Films office is buzzing, we will be releasing a new project tonight! Stay posted....
man i know ! hhahhaa
Be thankful for what u have, dont wait till its gone to realize its value. God bless
okay subway if you're going to have that many restaurants 1 have to stay open past ten. jonesin for a foot long
happy bday son!
what are you two up to tomorrow night? and I want to bro down with y'all!
From the Boeing press conference: "We even got to do a functional test of the windshield wipers coming back in..." (Awesome).
or dad'n it like me
True or false: anyone who wants to have LASIK is a candidate.
"We need a new view of excellence in #medicaleducation" Dr. Darrell Kirch argues that there is excellence in forms that we fail to recognize
New blog post : Free Weights vs. Machines
#schoolmemories i shoved my friend in a classroom full of 9th graders and they all were lookin at her like wtf hahahahaa
that's what i hear!
LETS GO CANES. Ray Ray Armstrong with the fumble recovery. Canes Ball. Miami 21, GT 10. 6min left in 3rd Quarter.
2nd period tomorrow will be the worst. Matter of fact the whole day will be.
Russell Crow lookin ass!!!
will sign youth concussion bill at Lambeau Field on Monday.
TODAY'S MY BIRTHDAY SISTA!(:
One lie begets another lie, then another lie, and before you know it, you're a lawyer
I just have #sweet dream tonight... ^^
Laugh to keep from crying.
Yes, I'm slower than FedEx. I've never noticed the arrow in their logo. Very clever.
I'm focused I might as well say cheese for the pictures
bud, did you guys dine at #North or #TheCricket?
Its Hillarious wHen People Start Stereo Typing
A Maryland first: Protecting employee & job seeker Facebook passwords, discussing on air at 1 pm Midday on the Law
Heart Attack by Trey Songz is my new jam!
haha, well instead of my home workout, I watched American Idol...
In Paradise.... No really I am Daq Paradise!!! Chalmette:))) come out til 12mid
Metro keep me talking to my slut bitches
haha me too:(((
Just had a walking taco at a youth tournament. It was everything I hoped it would be.
aww you're welcome! God Bless you too! :D \o/
Andrew Zimmern loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata. Give him a break!
Why did I have that dream.
Trying to be all "Don't Worry, Be Happy", but I'm just a big ball of nerves, thinking about what awaits me tomorrow.
Y'all are goofy as hell! lol.
<silently miming> aperture pull! aperture pull!
it could be cute lol getting the right colors. Getting married at night and having a cloth sunset lol
Election Day is only 4 months away! Help support real change in West Baltimore!
Good Morning Fans and Friends! What was the best part of your weekend?
My heart shall rock thee day and night to sleep, There shall not be one minute in an hour Wherein I will not kiss my sweet...
Those ARE creepy, and cool
at least we were there
I'm dressed as Chun Li from Street Fighter this year !
Nice to see you at the Bloggers Lounge
IM PROBABLY GONNA FANGIRL SO MUCH THAT I DIE WHEN GREYSON'S ALBUM COMES OUT
It's like is talking about having your city's planning done by ppl who commute from cul de sacs 20 miles out in the suburbs.
sorry that was spell Check...I know the city was live!
always great to meet companies in the Windy City
THIS CLASS IS SO BORING
It's a big question. But, experimentation like this was bound to happen sooner or later.
Oh!Thanks!!:)
Happy Thursday Portland! The weekend is almost here!!
Thanks! I appreciate it--I also had a poem on Linebreak in March...more later!
Looking forward to that raspberry lemonade and
what's twitter jail?
no u dont we are going out tonight
contact me at , I have a bad email address for you from Kevin Holt, from business card.
Game is getting way chippy. Smith just cracked his stick on the back of Dustin Browns knee. NOT ok.
Happy New Year Twitterverse! Let's make this the best year for music yet!
Friday Hours: 10am to 8pm. *No Group Classes Today.
Want to order a pizza do not want to move lol
yes thank you George W and Obama continuing some of the same scare tactic bs
Cocaine in DC elementary school. No surprise here when over 50M adults are using. Had enough? FB coalition for a drug free home
My stomach is making ridiculous noises in the middle of class
I had someone tell me I fell off.. I needed that.
is Drew Brees being treated the right way in New Orleans.
I dont understand...people look she is guilty!!! She lied! She should have death penalty!!! RIP CAYLEE ANTHONY.
only If you have the experience to back it up!
May I test yours? ;)
NBA playoffs > NHL playoffs
PS. I like the Hanukkah-presents-every-day idea!
What time is the recital? and where at?
Having a blast on Padre Island, despite Michael & I being sunburned. OUCH! Five hours on the beach may have been too much. Fun though!!!!
#Fact: that I have to get ready for work an hour before I'm suppose to be there and I only live 10min away should really tell me something
Live music with Kelly Riley tonight at 7
elway will finally admit he doesnt think tebow is the answer...Manning to Raiders may be a better fit though
Good Job ! now back to boring Tigers' game. lol
How can you be single? Are all of the gay men in SF deaf and blind??
ohh yeah him, me, and squidy are going
Played Jeopardy in Science Class Today Got My team 1000 points
Yes I did & yes he was.:) My dad (WWII-era) used to always point out to us the spot where Dillinger met his doom. #Biograph :)
viewship would skyrocket
CR, here we come!!
he probably has alot.
Dad, stop watching a documentary about roaches.
What. A. Weekend. #scbwi is my tribe :)
appreciate the #Twollow !!
Dripped yogurt on my sweater. No one told me for an hour. On the downside it's embarrassing. On the upside I now smell like strawberries.
sycamores are the devil's work
You got it, dude.
TRUUUUURT If he treat me right, and show me i can trust him of course he can have a 3some...
AW.... LOL... I have brownie mix here too
having dinner with your boy.
The TV version of The Notebook annoys me because they cut out parts.
I'm pretty sure I love you more girl :)
yes! I felt a little bad about drawing that parallel but I've got mixed feelings about what it means
I'll always love you, but right now i'm just not ready, i need to know , that you'll wait for me <3
And who decided we needed more booze last night...
DAMN THOSE PRINTERS!! DAMN THEM ALL!!!
Throw your sticks and stones
Ted about to unleash his wisdom...PackNation waits
cause your monster :p lmao
We're so close to putting DEATH, LIFE AND A CREME-FILLED CENTER on stage - I can almost taste it! Wait - that's just the Oreo I ate!
Nvr texted me back so y give me ya # if u wasn't gonna text me???
Big S/O to and at Soul Asylum Studios! "Where Kings Rise"
i'm finally getting over this cold that kicked my ass this week....i guess I shouldn't have run around the city half naked on halloween...
hope everyone has fun at #sla2010 in New Orleans...wish I could be there!
Just drove by a red Audi w the license plate #volturi....lololol #twilight ppl
Stop being a HATER! Christopher
Headed to the enchanted coffee forest.
Who were your sponsors?
Trying to decide which new clubs to add to the rental inventory in Scottsdale. R11/razr hawk/burner/VR?? So many choices!
The nicest compliment a faculty board can pay to an editor like me is asking if my acquisitions represent an attempt at world domination.
fa real my gee,i still wanna finish da album...VENOMOUS SLANGS!!!
My new El Sistema program in Philly has launched! www.PlayOnPhilly.org - www.facebook.com/PlayOnPhilly -
getting more and more submissions for from iraq & afghan war veterans who rap ... this is why hip-hop is a great american artform
Always knew you were #bornfornyc! Congratulations!
Yep--> RT : You know you're CALLED BY GOD to do something when you enjoy even the dull & mundane parts.
Excited to have Richmond's own Stacy Hawkins Adams on Tuesday's show ---> Follow her
#ShowYourHeart to those who deserve it...♥
You KNOW I wasn't talking about your music. You're @ mentions to me are unwanted from now on, and will be considered spam.
RT :-$ Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. Bill Gates
Thx for the follow. Big fan of your stream! Perhaps we can meet up one day... also curious to find out more about
hahahahah i love you , i just died!
thanks for following us as well! We'll take a look at your website for our program
huh out wit that corny wife ish
One swallow does not make a summer.
For those dying to stand inline for hours and hand over lots of cash, we can figure out a way to start a line.
Do you have a collaborative learning page? Looking for models for collaborative groups K -12. Thanks!
sent this morning brotha sorry we hooked it up!
Bitches out here sayin they cuffed but aint gotta ring on they finger..
There are no midday hugs scheduled on my calendar. *sigh*
What's the Role of Literary Agents, Given the Changing Publishing Landscape? #authors #agents #publishing (via ) #fiction+
LaLa is a suggested person to follow? How the hell twitter come up with that?
Rodney. You'll be starting college before you know it.Hope the grades are good and good luck with your new experiences. God bless
Woo... Working out like a gymnast is no joke! SD6 Live
ah see I like to go to make fun of people!
doesn't get much better..!
#liveonkomo is trending. Nice!
I can't do anything correctly when I first wake up from a nap. Forgot to put my laundry in the dryer and drove the wrong way to Qdoba.
Immigrants on Herman Cain after hearing about his border policy ideas: "He's electrifyin'!"
Happy Birthday goes to my little brother This is like my bestfriend and my brother in one. Love him to death.
Will you do an AMA fo us? I totally missed you character chatter the other night, and I think you have a huge following on reddit
*note*--make sure your sister takes her medicine
Austin <3 Marry Me? A.Yes B.A C.B Pick one(;
I LOVE YOU :D
I would divulge into that topic but fear of being labeled a hater has forced me to digress.
You're awesome! One of my faves too!! “: Favorite song today? - Sprawl II (check it out yo!)”
Prediction: the open land directly north of will be the site of a new arena.
Please do! RT : Will hv to come back for dessert another time. Tres leches so tempting.
All is good good...I got a kick out of that link in your twitter feed! I think I had that car radio in my '72 camaro.
Stephanie roughs on repeat. Helping me forget/enjoy how sleepy I am.
Thank you, but it was insensitive and the saying is "once is a joke".
we were already following each other
I'm sleepy...
I'm staying off carbonation too, it caused me to faint #truestory Now it hurts my throat Ice Tea helps. A lot. Good luck!
It's a beautiful day in the mile high city.
Lawson is obvious answer – just curious. I wish I could make a case for Jrue.
Canceled a date for tonight because I had a dream the guy turned out to be a serial killer
Cheryl Metoyer tells me about the various iSchool research topics including: Indigenous tribal communities in the US, (1/2)
watching a horrible movie...too bored to turn it off.
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen you almost die in temple run.
cannot wait.
HA! your fvrt gal --> “: “: Happy Mother's Day, sweet lady!” right back atcha!!!!! Xoxo”
My kitten is such a cartoon! She was playing peekaboo with herself in the mirror earlier; now she's playing NINJA HATTACK! with my pen :)
Do you have FoundersCard? What do you think of it?
someone's SALTY!! Mucho love on that FaceTime earlier too ,,!,,
Oh I'm all man my black welfare lady.
Had a really goof workout. All my stresses of the day went into the elliptical
just ate a bubba gump shrimp and then decided to watch the movie... Ur the best man! Might hafta watch a couple others now!
Obama is No Henry V
Welcome to Philly!
A tweet is not an endorsement.
Happy Star Wars Day everyone ! May the Fourth be with You....!
Found Lebanese Taverna Cafe in Annapolis! So pleased!
who cares if matt isnt playin great, never does in april. Atleast his wife is hot. Our teamwife lookability went up 98%
you were in China, right? Let's get together soon...would love to hear about it
thank u
it works both was sweetie.
it's always funny when some site posts "rare photos" online. so now there are 1,000,000,000 copies?
Would you rather be right or be happy? Would you rather win or be in love? Don�t think about how to forgive, think about how to love
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if your Lawn Chair is n Old Couch. Same couch your people took of u as a baby laying naked on a stolen Holiday Inn Towel
Where can I read it now? It looks fantastic!
And more eye-pleasing visuals and CGI? Good lord the show is visually stunning. I MUST own the BD.
THANK YOU . I Love You Now Lmaoo . Album Is Great :D .
Knuck if you buck!
At el toro .. Mexican food so flame
I like your tweets !
I am often perplexed how some women feel they can ignore child support orders and think there's no consequence.
If any of my followers didn't know, Diebomb is in the process of writing and recording the new album. Get ready to become insane!
I'm horny, but I don't need an auttornet
CO House begins debate on resolution that would have legislature intervene on state side of Lobato case.
soon as I pick it up
I had a nightmare that my red lipstick got on my costume!
I don't understand this, you said you hated me and wanted nothing to do with me, but you are being nice and it's like nothing ever happened.
CT joins 16 other states & the District of Columbia in enacting legislation that makes marijuana legal for medical purposes
RT : Why is an eight year old talking to me about ' the force'? <-----cause he's a Jedi Knight, duh...
up early today need to do some recording
ikr! it makes me laugh though. like the tent in his living room.
I was talking more specific...
12,000 people are following you!!! what?
yes they are lol
I'd rather be nine people's 9 favorite thing than a hundred people's 9th favorite thing
Craving beef jerky & lifesaver gummies.. Wtf.
I don't think this girl on Facebook will "survive" the 2nd day of her diet.. I'll keep you posted.
In honor of Surge Week, Mocha Joe's is offering 1/2 off extra espresso shots for all! Good luck to all who are surging this week!
My head is bruuuuuuuuuiised. Ouch
Happy opening!
Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion.
Long week slinging drinks. Last night until my weekend starts. Here's hoping for a smooth shift 2nite.
missing my sexy time with my little bro we are so sexy together we bring sexy back fuck justin timberlake
RT : Pitching makes or breaks a team and in our case, we're in trouble and in for a LONG season.
#FunnierThanCordova Biographies of Kennedy wives and girlfriends.
!!! “: Little boxes on the hillside. Little boxes made of ticky tacky.” I'm finally starting season 6 thanks to Netflix! 
Poker is not a crime. Do you support licensing and regulating online #poker?
#FF Make sure to follow , who is new to Twitter and a good friend of our radio show on
Yikes, while I like Cosi, $10 seems a little high for a sandwich that's not Katzinger's.
I really hate being constantly stared at.
Thnx for heads up about the account being hacked! We apologize for any messages you received - problem solved now!
We are going to be on the Steve Harvey Morning show tomorrow. Tune in!
Never ever let anyone make u feel worthless... Remember- Jesus thinks you're to die for.
pretty sweet if you ask me
I'm at the theater, ready to see #AVENGERS in all its IMAX glory!
yes you do...shout out to you from the ville
haha! Good point! Hope you are well.
Help me Obi Wan! RT : May the force be with you! Pray for me. is mad at me and I don't know why.
Willie Harris should be released, but I think it more likely that Frazier goes back to A.
it's too hot!
Finally in Phoenix. So ready to get out of this car. Lol
Last night, 'your Best Loved Marches' was great at Carson Middle School. Don't miss tonight's show at the Palace, Greensburg!
By the grace of God, I do not rest at all
Ok whatever! CALL
Good Morning! Be a blessing to someone else today... I am so tired but I'm not going to complain!
What is it re: Twitter that draws u so strongly 2 the social media platform? Any element in particular capture your attention?
how many he selling?
Is #Memphis going to throw another #nbaplayoff game away vs the #clippers?!
for the hell of it?
I am so glad that rambling, incoherent batman tweet got picked up and retweeted by a batman twitter. Life goal.
Shoot is done for today now it's time to hang out after a nap....
Saying Leesa is classy is like saying Ron Artest is about peace.
Now that the boots are off, check your heels before wearing.Replace the caps if they have worn off & give them a shine.
it'll be like $40-something, if not less, for regular tix. GO TO IT!!! :)
Simon Cowell is CASTING "THE X-FACTOR" in Los Angeles this weekend. Sign up and show your talent: www.CastingDNA.com
I'm about to become more domestic so I can have any hopes of getting married...starting off with learning how to cook!
Mine would freeze when trying to create a hex grid using mmqgis in NAD83, but not google mercator
Happy birthday
1 day till we launch!!! we can hardly contain our excitement!
I can get you her fan address, where you can write her fan mail, is that what you are reffering to?
feeling strangely obsessed with barley wines... still...
great! How's things with you?
The old perverted side of me got a real kick out of the way those two sentences ran together, hehehe.
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend
my landlord just scared the crap out of me... but i have hot water! ... or i guess i will soon.
So far number three has been fairly mellow. I suspect number four is going to be the real deal! :)
On a scale of voldemort to pinochio, how big is your nose?
Join us at Lincoln's this evening from 5:30 to 6:30 p.m. for our St. Patrick's Day Manager's Reception! Enjoy a mashed potato bar & beer.
I lost my Chapstick again, I never get to finish them.
RT : :very foggy in Plymouth. I was hoping to see supermoon before bed!-------nope, sorry...fog wins 2nite. better chance 2mrw
“: Any dope Photographers in Chicago want to come snap a few shots at the studio in the next week or so?”
everyone learns from their mistakes...
people who hate #stopsayingthat she is awesome. you are just jealous beacause ariana look good in red hair and no you ;-P
Well done
> The ppl associated with #HBO #Girls will face what a bringdown this waste of time was/is, hitting New Lows for tv.
Really don't need these long speeches by Villaraigosa and Ed Reyes
How many pieces of gum?
Work to build a sustainable, equitable future for Wisconsinites.
yea hosting
#FunFact : The first roller skates were produced in Chicago in 1884.
Mahomies are waiting for your new song. Follow me ?
I am who I am
NOW PLAYING "I MISS YOU" BEYONCE
Rest in peace, Etta James
RT : Q4) would recognize that learning is active, personal, reflective, desirable, fun
Tune-in to Hot 1035 right now to soundtrack this gorgeous Sunday with ME!
Let me work something out then!
who are you to wave your finger, you must have been #high ... Only 5 more days and I'll be rocking out to
If lightning strikes my dog, my chance of winning the lottery goes way up right?
Thanks for the love!
Photo gig = looking up fake blood makeup recipes and gathering supplies for torches.
oh sweet!! Are you going to come to our Whisky show in the 7th?
Per his travel-team coach, look for Marquette to make a strong push for Onalaska junior Matt Thomas.
The "Stand Your Ground" law's sponsor, Fl Rep. Dennis Baxley, said it wasn't written to give people the power to pursue and confront others.
It's Fry-day.... I suggest smoking heavily until Sunday
I don't like bananas. You still love me doe?!(:
GWBU now up 47% from our initial alert
Finished first ep of new factual series, Off the Grid...
This just in: my belated lunch break will involve a cozy chair, a good book, and a sunbeam located nowhere near my office
She was at an event and couldn't make time for us.
Great panel lined up at #LVIMA....so excited!
For quality mixing and mastering Holla Vicksburg Mississippi certified with a degree
I'm high lol
May all that is metal be with you tonight! Have fun and be safe out there.
Honestly , I bet a bunch of people would want to buy 's braces from eBay. lol
RT ok. Right by room service. Hit me// bet!
Us too! RT : Had a great time last night.
Sun goes up, sun goes down. Tomorrow is just another day at the office
Don't let get going about merger talks, synergies. Tell him you heard someone at Oxford was eager to chat.
Done hanging out with anyone who doesn't play Softball.
We are back and now reviewing application #120007 Community Arts Program at Hanover College.
Twitagra: - I'll bet you tewenty bucks that is getting drunk tomorrow.
I don't know why I have two new episodes of 30 Rock, but I'm not going to complain. I'm on all the drugs.
This is about to be one hell of a weekend!!
Soup's bubbling. Turnips, sweet potatoes, and squash are roasting. Yep, it's definitely fall at Wimpole Street's Monday night workshop.
RT : Governors! After , of course! RT What else does Jersey lead in? Top 5 will get RT from me.
and you can't have one until next march!! isn't is crazy how they get us hooked?!
thanks boo...
In the very smallest cot there is room enough for a loving pair. 哪怕是最小的茅舍，对一对恋人来说都有足够的空间。
and you'll never have to sit in traffic again.
Keep it up Crew!
"attitude reflects leadership, captain"
she's got amazing vocals!
Damn straight!!!
oops! i meant need to take a break! looking at my monitor for too long. fire event wld be great!
This summer = "The missionary pilgrimmage" .. showing every1 we know
i do not want to go to school tomorrow..
I'm tonight's featured artist at The Thin Man Tavern - 9pm. The Ubisububi is one of my favorite rooms.
Thanks any Qestions on real estate properties ask me I will answer. Also stay tune for great deals on properties. Great for investors
Remember, if you have questions, our interactive RAs are here! E-mail us at
Come to Tap and Go today at 330pm to drink cold beer and watch the Cincinnati Bengals take on the Houston Texans! We'll be open at 3:30pm ..
Are you following #KYLegislation this year? Call 1-800-372-7181 to voice support for HB200, sponsored by Rep. Susan Westrom.
Going to vanish into library for a while. 'Bye, twitterverse.
Travel agents don't miss out....10% commission on all rentals booked with us!
The University of Rochester Medical Center Board of Trustees has reappointed CEO Bradford Beak to a second 5-year term.
Sen. Bob Bacon withdraws amendment proposing Lobato cost study from school funding bill.
Sustainable model of digital humanity scholarship adoptable by other liberal arts colleges
let's make sure snowshoeing is included.
thanks!! it was one of the questions we submitted
Spent the last hour playing with my stage lights. Going to be a lot of fun the next few stage shows. :)
Take a moment and remind yourself of your goals. Is what you're doing right now getting you closer to them, or moving you further away?
and I were crushed to learn that Tex's Cactus Ranch is no longer serving brunch. Boo www.foodfightinc.com
What Movie?
dont forget to come stop by while you are in town!
Okay , enough horsin' around xP haha , insider :)
: Today (Thursday) / Friday | Would you suggest a good timeframe for us to chat? I'll call you...
Just doing some maintenance to get ready for this year's fest! If you have any specific questions, feel free to send our way!
The Brooklyn Nets will be the only team in the NBA who only have Black and White in their logo. That's my hometown team. Any thoughts?
i hope i annoy the shit outta you. #bitch *:
Me and have this little "thing" going on(: Im "pretending" like Im just a fan, and he's "pretending" to not know I exist. ;) ♥
Sure thing! We found that FB use really took off between '08 and '10. From '10 to now, mobile sites seem to be the big thing
I break for oatmeal.
So worn out!
sittin here feelin out applications so I can slave wit a 9-5. Somebody new needs ta get at me.
lmao pop...yeah. you're from up north Lol
Music City owns Motor City!
KINGDOM! Where The Kings Dominion Is & Reigns! That's Me!! You?
Keep the past and the present separate -2 chains.
Picking daughter up from school & headed to the gym. Have to work out some frustration of this day. Then will enjoy my weekend.
Well... Today has NOT started out awesome. But I'm gonna win.
Love isn't something u fall in it's a choice that u make whether to fall in it....
lol good :) where are you guys going?
Hospitality Properties Trust Announces 2012 First Quarter Results
I Don't Really Care anything about you, bitch.
RT : Saw premiere of 'Sushi: The Global Catch' Impressed by vision for sustainable sushi.
so i finally started TFiOS today and i'm not sleeping or eating or moving from my bed until i finish.
Hoping I can stay awake.
bring the English packet to gym
You the man, Jalen. #GoBlue RT ": Thanks for the love to everyone watching the Michigan at Illinois game on #trending”
"falling into place" is a good bullseye to aim for, methinks.
ha love that!
I think that a lot of what Google has had to offer has diminished the role of a librarian & this just seems like 1 more nail.
#Sooners attending today's gridiron match: Be charitable and help the Floridians with their homework. It'll seem easy, but to them it isn't.
Man this been the most burning saturday I had in a while.
Kid Chef in the kitchen whippin up dinner for us! Eni need a mentor!
Why does #charlesbarkley hate the Buckeyes? Go Bucks!!
i miss it!
true well shit just let me know when its gon happen.
All right then!
aww,you're welcome :)
Follow Me Please !!
You are so welcome! Wish your film much success! :-)
whats going on in the ville tonight!?
I'm having pajama monday.
Loved #theboss "born to run" on
woohoo! So glad to break the 1k mark for you guys! Thanks so much!
I've probably followed relegation even more closely than the United/City war. However, relegation and league title are huge in the same gm.
Yes, my last couple of tweets and yours are in agreement. That may be the key to his political calculation.
oh, the length one will go to for dp dough..
The Black Women Expo is looking for experienced Bartenders for an event on the 29th of March! email with your resume!
two more semesters to go
America, lets give more support to Newt Gingrich!!! He is a great American and the Democrats are scared of him. Lets get them Newt!!!!!
You need to understand
RT thanks my man appreciate support. Ill snatch something from ya we'll stay in touch
Leaving work.
Thanks. Too bad, you could've had this good looking hottie in your group.
I want a pet narwhal bc thier awesome and underwater unicorns
The look in your eyes says things I don't want to know.
hiya!!! Thanks for the follow!
Selena Gomez and Taylor Swift were the big winners at the 2011 Teen Choice awards, taking home five and six wins, respectively.
Big Time Moms :)
Its about time.
being sick is so not fashionable. :-( sniff sniff...
hey monica! congratulations!
Seems like interest in Steve Ott is holding up progress on players like Paul Gaustad.
Let us not be bound to this broken world.
Hi Diana, it is! Thanks for following.
t-shirt bogdanovich.
"American Masters: The King of Late Night" about Johnny Carson was on earlier & I missed it, good on PBS for replaying it at 1 AM PST
Hey Seattle - today is our fav day - #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles tonight plus live flamenco guitar!
how wonderfully devious;) you're like a twitter ninja!!
Did the #163jumper jump? Is he dead? I want to justify this traffic. #callousbutisodon'tcare
Doubt that...": Back to #clippernation shit... #LobCity bitch!.... #Spurs let's see if they shoot like that all series..."
just because you have a gee don't make u a ninja nigga.
It happened once , and sadly I'm allowing it too happen again . Bcos whatever I do or saay never matters .
Just Listed: Turnkey Script Mart -
Light but steady rain as we head south on I-39 out of Plover. Still tasting the lunch at Jim's Barb-ie-Q Shack in Rapids
It is pretty hard to figure out how to delete stuff in Sharepoint, I have to say.
Can't wait to hear President, speak at BIS 2011! We are sure it is going to be an amazing event!
Cool. I want to see it!
dude if i give you more details on that character then i'll pretty much leak part of the inside story $D
guy wearing a vest way to small=douche hole. XD. ^_^ <3 you Shane
I wanted to say if I un follow anyone anytime soon it's because I hit my follow limit, don't take it personally.
Theere's always a fight in my second period... At least once a week.
I love Jacob.
this is super nice, but $$$, we need to find a cheap solution
I would say Food ranks first on your list followed by GSP
New markdowns in Men's & Shoes Women's and Kids apparel, Accessories and more oh my. So much for so little!
All of the strangers like me best today. I'm God's favorite.
Watching west balt ravens vs spartans under 85lb in lake arbor
Why what'd he do? Don't let him get in your nerves tho, it'll ruin your mood.
I couldn't possibly suggest you Google "Lydia Loren Hostage Works" :) : Does Loren have a "hostage works" article?
I know I'm going digital with my shoot The question is: #RedEpic or ArriAlexa?
I THINK YOU ARE MAGICAL!
List the things that have to be done to make your visualization a reality. The dream will come true.
Play Self Destruction.....
Hi, Rebecca! Thanks for the retweet!
Not sure about the interracial angle. Hasn't Tiger always been white?
Need to change this tv too .
bug folks!!! This is why I love Twitter.
no way >:D mine is XD lmao, I got my classes today :)
You're gonna have to do more than make a rap about my dick to get under my skin, kid. I make jokes about my wiener everyday! Haha
I feel ya! Mines is more of a Whackberry than a Blackberry or Crackberry. I hate it!
Im glad its breezy out. I forgot to buy appropriate shorts for work
vertigo is no fun
I miss you!
RT Scary movies make me scream like a girl! "Haunting in Conneticut". Creepiest movie I've never seen, based on a true story!
How can it be Monday all ready? I'm not through with Sunday yet.
theres not a day that goes by that you are not on my mind......
Truth! RT "You must not for one instant give up the effort to build new lives for yourselves." Daisaku Ikeda
I'm invited to a Christmas party tonite should a go or just stay home that's the q right now
#TipTuesdays Take advantage of your customers by creating some special deals just for them or announce new products before the market knows
Its always a joy 2 spend time with my great aunts here in jax aunt marion is holding on and aunt tan is right by her side. Now that's love
Cher Lloyd night :)
I feel like you'd be proud of my KPOP (ish) gif on my latest post. ;)
You know someone means a lot to you when their mood affects yours .
Boo hoo! You have an iPad. I'm totally jealous and want to see it before you go!
huge get for you guys. Watched him play several times. Athletic, giant freak. Really wanted him in Indy
I got grounded again, haha.
Adam Foote visited my school today. It was so cool. He was so down to Earth and not how i expected him to be.
never mind
P.R.E.=PUSSY RUNS EVERYTHING
Ah yes - Pasadena! So pretty there. One of my favorite LA places.
#furchat great topic , i'll be there!
#LAMHarvard THickerson: Role of libraries in preserving research data? Must be an archival approach to authenticity, versioning, integrity.
serious question, were u a heat fan prior to 2011?
havent been listening to radio due to momma listening to church station and the other day while I was loading up the car the car
#BruinsStarWars Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Bruin. But sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Well Colin, we think you're "unreasonably" charming!
Installed Oxygen XML Editor and about to embark on the DIY DRC in a Box beta adventure.
you are welcome! Hope you are having fun!!
Alas, suh, it has been my fate to arrest more ladies than I have guarded.
Every just want to kill someone you care about
Officially came down with a sore throat. Pulling all the home remedies that I can think of. T_T
Cruz incident was the most inexcusable I have seen in all of sport. No way they call it that way if the game is @
The Romantics (they sang "What I Like About You") are on stage now. Plain White T's ("Hey There Delilah") to perform next.
Lmao that was definitely one of the highlights of BIO!
yeah me too! Hope you're doing well!
what are you doing?
going to sunfest tonight! Paul Rogers and Creed
hey your el paso special was on! i always enjoy watching you!
wonder what im cooking in 2nd period
People who cant mind there business have no life to me!
RT : I'm not an alcoholic. Alcoholics go to meetings. I'm a drunk, we go to parties
I know zero of those people
A Top Texas Chef Cookout PRIME! benefit supporting New Horizons, will be held on Wednesday, April 25, 2012
AND...You're STILL SEXY...stop with thinking YOU'RE NOT ALREADY..ha ha...YOU'RE EVEN HOT...lol
Authors and writers I have decided to follow:
#PlaidTuba I'm not sure that whiskey and cream filled donuts would be terrible.
Great to see my boy Alex and my nephew Scott and all their friends at Scotland Yard tonight. Thank you all for comin out. Good times.
Wings baby! The Joe is on fire tonight and the Red Wings need this! 3-0 Wings!!
Let me tell you that you taste like a good time.
Happy NEW YEAR !!!
does that clear room for Califf???
Countdown to hosting PACCIN guests at ATX. Curious if free beer & flatbread will be more popular than the talk ? ;)
“: Might need that second cup of coffee this morning! X-)”You should have told me, I would've sent a big ol cup with Doug!!
Hello All!
Happy Easter New York
what's up man! welcome to tweet world, how's everything going?
working in studio w/ long time writing partner Bobby Womack He's still got it.
...commit random acts of kindness. “: makes me want to commit”
I never realized how much I spent until today :( and now I wish I didn't lol
while everyone is having an awesome time at Austin's concert...ill be sitting home alone, dying.
wanna change my ava -,-'
Pickup Line: I just shit my pants. Can I get into yours?
Okay ! but sometimes my DMs dont work :/
Hey #Ward5: Every #vote counts! Esp in the rain! RT I was just voter # 3 at precinct 44 in the
yeah buddy!
thanks for the #WW hugs!
Center Raiola on the sidelines w/a tied ballgame at 19
I checked u out and I think we could do something....when u get some time send me a track to jump on I will DM u my email! :)
i wish justin would follow me
figured you'd like that last tweet!
Thanks to organizers and attendees of #pubcampwest for making my first unconference worthwhile. Some great ideas there. #gorogue!
Up and can't sleep :(
Received. Will put it up at the bottom of the blog. Give me a minute.
Off to rehearsal with mark ronson and MSB!
Thanks! Look forward to receiving your application.
Yup, it's always more fun when you win. I love the new stadium!
...oh yeah I'm sleepy
Per KS Humane, nobody has been able to touch this chi. I cannot pull and transport to NC.
Watching TUF, bummed Brysen Wailehua-Hansen's not in the house. But good to hear say "Man he got heart! He's Hawaiian." nuff said
what Business or comp. do you have Senator?
that is until WWE invades next week with people from all 50 states and over 30 countries...
I see I see you talking to them girls on the phone oh.. I wish I can tell em all to leave you along #IWishedYouLoveMe.:-)
I'm not spanish/ Mexican but it's cinco de mayo COronas on deck tnite
I wish I had a best friend like and Lo !
Just had an awesome Saks.com marketing team bonding hangout w/ and the rest of the saks ladies + analytics!
Gives me a lot of confidence to hear this from my mom: "I love you. I am so lucky to have you as a son."
Would love to talk with you! It's been the defining experience in terms of my teaching style & views on education.
Yep. Just off of Buck 0 Three
Thanks for the follow! May I send you a play? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis, published at Indie Theater Now.
Get some food!!!! Thanks for the shout out!
“ I have one of you and your ex together looking al al cute! Can't wait to up load it either ;)
But seriously guys, it's 's BIRTHDAY today, so make sure you wish him a good one!
Niall...you miss your family!
good morning! thank you! glad to be part of your morning :)
RT : You never know what could have been, without trying.
Mixing with a drink in hand!
RT : any jazz musicians in Columbus Ohio? I gots a gig for ya there
Thanks dude! The roman numerals are my wedding date... Turned out great!
YAAAAY The first star has followed me!!!
We want to think our new followers for following us!
I havnt had Swedish Fish in like 2 weeks. -.- not cool.
spencer finch or eliason?
is that the rafting thing? I heard that's fun and also renting a boat on Lake Austin...?
nice try though
I just saw someone get slapped..lol
yes we must rap-a-taste soon. I'll def see u in florida. Let me double check on mich 👍💁
no probs can't wait for you to be in the purp and gold.
Talking Never Bothers Us.Sometimes It Does Bore Me.So If Y'all Making Movies Hope It's Based On A TRUE Story.😏
Danny Granger needs to be better than 7 points in 38 minutes
& - one of my favorite hub/wife duos for God - follow these two if you like hub/wife duos for God...haha.
AOL bought , Arianna to stay on.
Yeah there wasn't more than 30 people there.
you're on the waiting list, meaning you have to wait to see if you get accepted. If no spot opens, you're REJECTED!
Sexy synth sounds...
Nice win for my Louisville Cardinals last night. Hoping for the same tonight vs. Marquette! Put your L's up!
“: Don't play around with peoples feelings just because you're confused about yours..”
RT At the height of the Cold War there were 143,000 tanks in the world.
its about to get illegitimate.
Last nights show now in the archive at www.latalkradio.com/Donny.php!!
Just made friends with a bunch of Sons of Silence guys. My life is now complete.
I'm a Craftsman junkie! Never been east--it's on my bucket list.
Michael Stipe is here! // Is that him in the corner?
I'd say yes. ": #Virgo easily overcomes any obstacle."
Had a busy day. Now home to relax..
#Teamsthatcanbeatthelakers Flint Tropics
No worries! See you today!
happy birthday!! (:
goodnight <3 throat is killing me :( love you <3
Fire is blasting... its a good night.
I need night owl friendz
FUCK HIS MUSIC.
Crow mowed them down last inning!
UMVIM GBGM & UMCOR looking for nurses w/Haiti mission exp. to go to Haiti for earthquake relief. Contact Nancy Eubanks .
And pink starbursts.
I just want to play drunk kickball and eat mad Nan's cooking!
Facts.RT I know we all realize this already, but just to restate it, GOTYE = AWESOME. If you don't know it google it immediately.
Looking 4 a job outside of the E TN area...any suggestions???
“: ...because we should borrow money? Why borrow? He gave 1 billion for what? No jobs?
Thanks for the follow,Misty! -Come see the Jedi Nighties with Sheila Shahpari, Suzie Cue & Langen Neubacher @ the new #Plush!
what what?!?! #success my friend You revealed to me things i didn't even know existed. holy moly.
Someone like you..
And waiting.....
current favorite song? "one thirst" sung by jeremy riddle.
Down.. even if the sky is fallin down :P
All good names except for Figures. Too vague. Impossible to google search. Brain Heat=fun. Horse Wars=cool. Bohr=grown up
That is great! Make sure you stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
I can appreciate A starter getting some work in, but not at the expensive of the team. That was an AJ type of outing for Kuroda
RT Crayons are a lot like M&M's. All the colors taste the same.
Something I want to do before I die. Alligator hunting. Lol
A baby is God's opinion that life should go on.
big fan of the better block program. congrats on getting it started in okc.
Nobody can fuck with my fire background
Try Gospel. Rocks way harder.
Fast forward 100 years & read "Beneath the Lion's Gaze" by - an excellent novel of the Ethiopian "revolution"
and this talk doesn't have much to do with others, as much as OUR attitude-do we get impatient or doubt or complain
Titles are incredibly valuable screenspace! "Group X Final Report" is a wasted opportunity.
One other thing that I have been working on is a list of basic data on many of the Roman Emperors (rule year/dates, birth/death dates, etc.)
Oh I like that! RT : Term "rustic" is overused...I prefer "organic" elegance...see this wedding we did !...
Wow. RIP Adam Yauch.
"Eww I like that picture though"
Did you know we have new items added to our menu? Spicy Chicken Tinga, Crab & Lobster Tostada, Roasted Veggie Taco--yum!
Played truth or dare and dared my cousin to stick her head in freezing cold water... She did it. I didn't think she would...
Upon seeing big bro look out the window, the lil girl wanted to rush to see what he was looking at. Lil sis is terribly confused.
You lucky world traveler, you! Happy to get a taste of Italy in the meantime :)
are the Seahawks the first US sports team with a losing record to have home field advantage?
So proud to work with such amazingly talented people!!!
hey Claudia, hope 2 c u @ the benefit 4 mstr drmr Rudy Walker nxt Friday (www.rudywalker.com/benefit) Peace ~ Henry Rock
Two-for-Tuesday! Two 12th aves for the price of one, walk-in only, all day today! Come on down!!!
lady what are you doing up so early?
John Wilkes booth was born in 1838 not 1839.
96% of people who found a lost smartphone attempted to use it...
what did you get? #gophillies!!!
How else to say it but you da man RT "Thank you for the great time at the #SuperBowl event "
Oh yeah? YA
Come play with us tonight and show us how Badass you really are ;) Doors open at 8! $2 Drafts & $3 Jack Shots. Free dance lessons 8:15-9pm
"dude it's just a mosquito. Chill out. "- me "dude, you know how many people it's sucked off?"-
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL, what the hell is that? Oh wait, it's a penis.
Can we say TGIF!!
Great POTUS speech that explored the complex depths of MLK and placed him in proper esteem.
Counterproductive? Girl across from me on bus is reading a diet book while demolishing a giant burrito
I was thinking maybe Ruby or something since it looks interesting, but does anyone have any suggestions that aren't C++ or Java?
Let's go #solartribe ! -- "Build a vision for the people and recognize that no single source of leadership will make it happen"
49ers by 14. NY didn't play as well as they should have against a Packers team that didn't play well at all.
the internet is so boring now...
Check us out on TMJ4's the "Morning Blend" Friday morning at 9am!
But can it really be so serious?
You guys make celebrity gossip just hilarious! Always fun to watch.
Birute Regine on balancing feminine & masculine skills at ICFGR mtg-"soft skills are hard!"
no fair, need to FedEx a batch of em lol
- who has a better 2nd half season? Hillis or Mendenhall?
Good Morning Twitter Famly :)
we love your photos, keep up the amazing work!
Hi Love!!!
. head locks are the new hugs. #ginger baker
RT : Health care reform is a values statement, and it is working in Massachusetts.
To know that Jacobs going to finish vocals on our EP that was supposed to be finished last May is awesome news!
Lecrae's Church Clothes is boutta go so hard!!!
I am just smh to the fact that I am far mature than my parents and the fact that people think they know basketball.
hope u didn't buy them. Hope they were left to you in a will where someone didn't like you.
lol. Really?? What's ur favorite chocolate snack?
Loving my ! I love you guys ! Your music has been such an inspiration !
You need to know yo stroke number . You need to know yo fuck number . Katt Williams >>
Deleted out my life ☑ NO RETURN ✗
Going to Rock of Ages on Broadway tonight to see the crazy-talented Joey Calveri and Emily Williams. Total
Should your witness answer to the camera during a video deposition? Answer: NEVER. It is not a TV interview and it looks ridiculous.
Ha, beer o'clock. RT It needs to be beer O' clock on Friday right now.
Thanks for letting us know ! Happy 2 years on twitter to us! RT: Today 2 years on Twitter:
Holyy shit! Bro did you see that dude on americas got talent hooking he's eyes on the coffee thingy
Rythym X was amazing at WGI on Saturday; plus, Vic Firth signed my stockpad at the expo!
was this u? Police: Northbrook woman, 24, found naked in car with boy, 15 trib.in/oZRB4g
I agree!
Thanks for following! Loving your tunes on ReverbNation.
If Bo did that and it's wrong, fine, then he's wrong. I didn't say it was common. I said precedented.
- Enjoy our featured artists Rocco & Rahj on Smooth Jazz Beach Radio! Where The Jazz Is Always Smoother!
check yo email, dude!
Thanks, Johannes!
Tune into for on Monday, February 6 at noon. Tyler Gearhart will talk with about Endangered Maryland.
It's summer time don't forget your Sunblock. Skin Cancer is the no 1 preventable Cancer!
Some took their bitch pills...
Merry Christmas, everyone!!! FREE waffles, coffee, and hot choc. today from 11-1pm! Come by and say hi! *<||;-)
The #MissNYUSA Pageant is this weekend! Wishing the best of luck to everyone... can't wait to see who will be the next !
I wish I was able 2 listen 2 sports right now.. but I can't
"The Haveto." RT : The Cubs are coming into town. Watched film on them last night. That's right Rookie of the Year!
GO LOOK AT MY SNEAK PEAK TWEET
has a great philosophy, I wish that it was more pervasive!
so so so stressed 😣
Went to coldstones, had starbucks went to walgreens got a big bag of candy, got in a shopping cart outside :D
Had not. Funny stuff. I might offer a "Down 3-0 in the First Inning? No Problem!" panel. Go, Johan.
Still mourning 101st Airborne Div soldier Darrell “Shifty” Powers' death; a WWII hero immortalized in Stephen Ambrose's “Band of Brothers."
I want some Taco Bell
RT : Hey #NCGenZ Today is charity Tuesday.Check out these great charities:
he'd be a great love interest for Tatum.
6b Design has 3 new freelance partners, we have 6 new clients, & I have a new web dev job with a local software company = busy!
Both Paul Costa and Jay Costa were really kind to me!
Had a dream that me and went to Warped Tour together :')
That whole sentence made me literally "lol." The hashtag was the icing on the cake!
For additional training information and/or training appointments/reservations please contact Keli Andrea directly at: 317.284.1299 ext 303
Ugh school tomorrow
that video was awsome u and did a wonderful job..... ur #1 FAN.. Hope u have a great day.
this guy is so awkward. hahaha.
ah. my baby is turning 16 on Wednesday :'D
SO SO SO excited for this upcoming week! Getting busy recording my EP!
yea that was a lie, we're goin to drink at the terrace! Wanna come?!
The Newark Now Family Success Centers and Delta Children's Products are hosting their 3rd Annual Community Baby Shower and we need your...
NIK! looked through pics of barcelona last night... how's it going buddy?
thank god. i wouldve been kinda embarrassed, cuz i typed that with confidence. ha
what instrument do you play?
Not gonna be in a gas station. I only eat sanwiches made in a gas station.
once again, I am sorry....
Oh my gosh! I know it has been<3 How are you?!
Go Green with E-learning. Reduce Travel.
U people In Sweden like hockey right
whoa where?
Me too!
Done being sad. Focusing on me now.
How many times is too many.. when it comes to reheating coffee? I'm heading for the 2nd now - but it was fancy coffee not just station drip
just talked with Earl Smith...says glad he ran honest campaign against Mayor Coleman
Fantastic time with and in Modesto!! Thank you,
TRAFFIC: Rollover Hwy 12/18 @ Hwy 73 - off the road. Emergency crews On the scene
Just dogs.
The Ironbound is a ____________ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large == >> Fill in the blank!
Did I mention I squeezed few trash bags too looking for it #honestly oh boy! #lost and found wedding ring
plzzzzzzz I'm begging on my knees plzzzzzz follow me
If you see the #Avengers tag it is probably a spoiler. Just so you know.
happy early bday
Looking forward to the Army-Navy game!!! See you all there.
Thank You All who came out to the COMEUP! It was AWESOME!!
yeah, i said it.
i love ur bio....so true !
some fans will never learn, unfortunately. it'll be the same next year. death threats, racism, adults acting like children, etc
Have you noticed that Google search results are "cleaner"?
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
I know a lot of people but I have very few FRIENDS.
ugh lost my mf paper -____-
What events did you miss in SoCal?
We hope you are ejoying your stay!
RT : 5) There is no harm in thoughts until we attach to them as if they were true. - Byron Katie
In 1 week: My pals on at the great Come for , stay for $.50 paperbacks!
Happy Easter to all from WFA!
arissa, pretty name. i'm ada.. ;) u r really popular on twitter i think. ;)
Oh Thank God! How late are you working?
he never does... is always a trip!
Mobile payment capability will be targeted by malware, malicious apps.
Thanks, Nana! Hope you had a GREAT Thanksgiving!
yeah I just realized that...
Unlike the chosen one I absolutely would have voted for #AffordableCareAct in in congress bcuz I have back!
hanging with blue eyes. yyyeh:)
she kno how to do it
#CV city manager saying executive compensation has been cut by 25% already.
Thanks for coming out on the tour this Saturday! Hope we can do it again soon.
Bon Iver in concert is (somehow) better than the albums. In Indy, the top songs were perch, skinny love, wolves and hinnom tx. Def rec!
looking forward to spending time in Arkansas this weekend.
knicks can't keep up with this pace
aye man shut up
its going to take a very long time for the world to get past this..
Was embraced until it hit Android, now they hate it.
People who spent a lot of time outdoors when they were growing up were less likely to have to wear corrective lenses, a study indicates.
Watching fellow Armstrong Falcon graduate RC Johnson wrestle in the finals
Good ol' #reference interview. Sound fundamentals. I am the Steve Nash of
You might want to, hahaha we're doing this science project tomorrow. I have no idea what to do though. Hahahhahaa.
Hyde Park get ready!! Mama is coming to see you at 12:00 today
Thanks go out to for all of the RT love, thanks!!
so glad to be done with finals!
Oh yeah.... just got home. Check out your website - really nice layout! Did you do it yourself?
How long have you had this account???
*These Bitches Calling Me Manning, Eli!*
haha, the precision agency hates u too critta
Create a new account?
I've never seen someone wear pajama jeans.... Until now
Scored yet another jingle gig! Woot! It's good to know that long after I am gone from this mortal realm, my jingles will live on. JINGLE!
Improve every day.
DUNES n zines
Despite rumors to the contrary, former First Lady Julia Grant remains remarkably well-preserved for her age.
Bad news guys... Ashley Poole has decided to leave Lady Phoenix.. Good news is Melissa and Diana will REMAIN working on Lady Phoenix!
Lord, take away anything that displeases You!
I put my capri sun in an empty starbucks cup...
ok I got you
I love u is the biggest lie told a day RT if u agree x
ahh that's why I love home
cool, thank you!
Shid when times get Rough! i just get ROUGHER THAN TIMES!!!
#FF my buddy who is brand spankin' new to the Twit Engine.
The Bon Iver station on Pandora is really amazing.
I can't believe this Movement crap isn't over. Do you really think Yogi is THAT good?
The Jordan True Blues look nice, what do u think.
LOL, theres so much going on!!!!!!!!
“: what time does the function start?” 12pm-5pm Slide thru!
Yes, best musician on show. RT : So excited to see Ben Folds perform tonight on the season finale of The Sing Off!
It's so hard to focus at work when the red sox are kickin the yankees ass (:
Four followers and counting.
its not about what u want tho...its about what you need.
on streakers on field: "I'm sick and tired of these guys on the field. Let's get a K-9. It's pathetic- so annoying."
Jesse & Anthony...both smokin'!
Missing my dad today, he was a great dad and a darling grandpa, and just super awesome in general!
Love cures people- both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.~~~~Karl A. Menninger
If you're angry with Corporate America, then stop giving them your money. Once you get that, you're on the road for taking the country back
damn i left my cup!!!
so excited you are going on to next week of dwts!!! :-)
...but it doesn't feel like they should get to own that. It's strange to think of emotional reaction as a space that can be crowded out...
and here come the
Good game tonight and ! ⚾
Braves vs Mets (: I like both teams but i going for the Mets.! :)
Mary Marvel Symbol T-Shirt
Japan tried high-pressure water that dropped batches of seawater in increasingly frantic attempts to cool an overheated nuclear complex.
..give em a hand they wanna grab your feet! :)
Emma Stone, I kind of can't stand that bow on your neck but you're so freaking cool, I don't even care.
My ship never sink wen im in that water
#ThingsIGetAlot "Do you ever stop talking?!"
RT : My guy at just told me that the world is my rental oyster.
Man I heard you're definitely the person to know in the music biz.
Cody got AMAZING flight service. We know what that means! ;)
Woah there.. Almost had a heartattack because I thought tweeted me... My bad..
Let's move this town away from here and into Oregon
No more truth. Bells ring no more in me. I am all alone singly. Lonely rests my head. O my God! I am dead. - Jose Garcia Villa
Muy FRIO!!! Its 29 degrees today. Time to look for a new destination. Beaches, sunshine here I come.
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "cigma lehsl". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
Dance Moms Marathon<3
Pride and Prejudice
the sun is shining, the sun is shining, it is bright, not grey ... yay!
holy crap! is going to be at !!! better start planning my outfit!
so is mine lmfaoo
Wow! Sounds very painful. You need some icy hot!
Decide what you want, decide what you are willing to exchange for it. Establish your priorities and go to work.
His early inning success (as was last year's) due to newness to hitters. Still making adjustments, and will have to continue...
Sweet! We need to catch up! Congrats :)
Thanks to all 5 for all they have given us! My opinion: The best UK Team I have ever witnessed! Will miss you all!
merry Christmas doll!
most boys*
Haven't tweeted in a while =P
smh...a hardheaded Little Fuckerrrrrr........as well as forgetful lol
This Nats-Phillies rivalry will be fun
In other news, Tevin Campbell releases "Let me show you how to pack my fudge"
Sure is one of THOSE days.
Thanks for the follow - we LOVE your amazing cheese selection!!
Original post the worst cheap shot of 2012. The criticism isn't about reductions, it is about priorities.
The League of Libations is a monthly event where people can get together and drink #FreeBeer! Free #9 from 6-8pm @ Churchkey 6/23!
Truly amazing the sports world is talking about Junior Seau but still no mention on yet (as of 2:49 ET)
thx for following , we look forward to showing you our cloud platform
ryan reynolds is ugly.
A2 I have worked w/ a few clients who've banned it (various reasons), then abuse email/SMS. Doh!
I thought TX summers had to be worse than IN but found out last year that it's nearly as bad, because of the humidity of course.
Can hardly wait! It's gonna be H-O-T like the savanna.
It's hotter than THE SUN
First refreshing District. Defined? rehearsal tonight went great!
Fuck It I don't want to Go to Court, But damn, I spent 1500 on a Lawyer though, Fuck it Im on the Run for the Money....
I donnnttt feel like moving at all /:
So has anyone seen our commercial aired on CW?
YW - I really do enjoy your tweets!
Ha thanks Dan
I love social networking.!
Sent $25 to Obama. Still feel like I want some merch
But you are too. B/c of me.
we shall create it out of Paper and Plastik
show the bartender this tweet. $2 naty. All Monks followers.
I think I just followed you. Also, it's really damn hard to tweet at you when your name doesn't show up automatically.
I was always afraid of a fingerprint based commerce system. Wouldn't criminals cut off a digit instead of pickpocketing?
Nipple pierced next friday.
why the sad face???
We back open this weekend Thursday night 24th
The argument from Hollywood might be; that part of the world deserves being ripped after turning their backs to all the pirating.
#TEDMED Saxon: Leveraging expertise globally is possible with new comm/tech and doc/patient engagement.
check out the fresh new deals at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com and don't forget to use repcode MARYJANEEATER to save 20% or 10% FOR LIFE!
must be old, my friend just smoked with him last week in LA
Dave makes me Salty...
In the art of Feng Shui, having an open, clean and clear pathway to the door is very important for the harmonious flow of energy.
After coffee was put in my cocoa pebbles this morning, i am now gonna try to do lunch with Lindsay. Hope no foreign objects land in my lunch
Shots fired! RT : Conde Nast's unbroken string of stupid tablet magazine apps continues with "Next Issue."
"ultimate urban oasis" Can I get that on a T-Shirt?!
What time does Freshman Insider Ray Ratto come on?
Hittin up Memphis Ten this weekend n when I touch down I'm tryin play
She's seen all of this already, and she was told most of this.
Open for the Badger game!
My mom is an #ExtraordinaryMom . I can only hope to make an impact on someone as she did for me. She raised me, molded me & allowed me 2grow
Lol with what $$
yes Bredda! Gettin a late start gonna send the touch the sky vocals in afew bless!
Oh you made me blush. But let's not lie...I had to be #knighted in your eyes. :) YOU made it happen!
I wanna swim with a dolphin..
if i knew i was gonna be up this late i woulda just continued to do hw instead of waste my time thinking
NEVER BEEN A SIDE HOE , always been the main chick .
Girls will be Girls...
Damn I would pre-order Believe but I am not going to be home to recieve the package. I don't want to let it sit on my doorstep.
y ?we live in Texas and we mostly hear country music and u still aren't used to it!:0
Are hearing anything re: that the Jags considered a trade for Tebow, but compensation language got their way also?
Who are some leading #Rails developers in Milwaukee (individuals or shops)? Possible project soon.
Thanks for following (and congrats on having visit - how great to have him speak to your students)!
same to you!
We been working on the new Corporate Ninja Brother children's book series.
Haha no! I'll explain how it all works another time!
Wait what just happened with and the beat and krov and stuff? Im rlly confuesed someone tell me!!!
I just got all Dr. Evil when I saw the new Mega Millions jackpot...One hundred meeeellion dollars bwahahahahahaha!
sounds like a blast! You're hardcore. I love it. U should dress as Katniss :) Can't wait!
Our contract is signed to provide an edible green wall for the new Pizza Mozza in Newport Beach in 2 mos. It's 230 sq ft. with 1300 plants
Looking for a job in the IT Field? In Dallas/Fort Worth area? We have contract jobs all over! Please RT!
you both know comments like that will always make my day
anytime lady :-)
my pleasure! thanks for coming!
LOVEE Hollywood Dream :) awesome job.
A kind of cross between Julia Roberts and Jack Nicholson. ~ Jeremy Novick about Lolita Davidovich
Love is lifting the restraining order.
You think you're real?Since when did real mean acting/being different with every person/group you talk to??
Tweet me back at the end of June. LeBron is great...but Durant is better
Social ntwks as "info evaluators": how are our patrons evaluating us? Yes! It's why we monitor tweets & solicit feedback on Facebook.
Trivia of the day: The town of Jean Lafitte was once a hideaway for pirates.
thank you for the up date... The best of all Possible worlds
#1 what's up with Nate's droopy lip for the past month? and #2 Jack is Chuck's dad...really?
I would actually prefer to sit on his face...but I guess I wouldn't be picky with that little Swede and his flannel
Great 2nd half, you will build on that. Game on!!
swaggin with these niggas now i got thinkin y she ain't mine yet?????
Happy Birthday, ALEX!!! The 9-club is the best, and 30 is definitely the new 20. #wearestillyoung!!
Great, I'll wait to hear from you!
haha, that's an awesome one. Without ever hearing it, I assumed more of a gin "s" so now I know too! What up for memorial wknd?
To writers out there: "A work is never finished, only abandoned in despair." -- at Writers in Paradise conference...
This is why Cubs didn't spend money on big-name free agent!
#Medeco. Yes. I'll put together the questions, with answers, and post them in the next couple of days.
hey T... I have been good. Just working and grinding on the music tip... Ill be at CCA on May 5th.. Will you be there?
THAT was a great ball game!
Tired does not describe what I am right now
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that talks shit behind your back without you even knowing."
Good question RT:: Let me ask u something. How does El Tigre Woods come back from being a mediocre player. Looks like #YIPS”
Since I thinking gambling is always a bad bet, I will pretend wager two dollars on my Iowa friends' Kentucky Derby entry. Go #Dullahan!
Watch out for WalMart in LatAm. They own 70% of Lider. And the Bentonville folk are, say their Chilean colleagues, fun to work with.
“: I'm not strong enough for the both of us, what was i supposed to do?”
After listening to the whole CD at MyPlay I can't pick a favorite song all of them are wonderful! :) <333
To everybody that downloaded my mixtape thank you very much without out you theres no me
responsive web design. Design from content out, mobile first, add media queries to add layout
I see we're in the deconstruct-and-remix era of 9/11 tributes...
How can you declare a "winner" of the #scdebate when clear favoritism has been showcased by ? #FAIL #WhereIsEquality?
Essential Workflow Changes: Typical user testing - via Michael Allen
Zusi to Collin! Keep it up boys!
We need 3 volunteers to help out with Pariah on 4/22. Email if interested. Volunteers get free admission! First three...
oh hell, double standard tuesday in the gop has got me giggling for the inevitable #Obama2012 landslide.
#Census 2010: Texas becomes a majority-minority state for the first time based on official 2010 results; its switch occurred in 2005
he better! This is once in a lifetime
I’m here to bring you quick and healthy tips and recipes for the whole family!
Guess what? It's Sushi Den time! I'm so gonna stuff that raw fish all up in my eat-hole!
Just left the PI. We ended up going w/ TurtleBayDivers for adv cert. Really liked TBD but conditions were awful this week!
lmao! :) it would be. Horror show alright!
For every person who says they don't hang around the negative people...I have news for you. You are being negative.
IHOP with my cousins . . .i think yes . lol bunch of hoodrats
How do ya play?
+!-|+. SATURDAYS ARE OF DA CHAIN AT CLUB MATRIX...$2 DRINKS...FREE PARKING..LADIES FREE BEFORE 11..--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Hoping for good weather so we can go to the this weekend.
I hate summer classes
I boarded the Subway this morning for the 2 for 1 before 9am. thanks so very much.
the drug that goes by "Meow Meow" cracks me up. Who's tried it?
I think I'm bipolar...
I have a bottle of miracle spray from Terminix. Think I went overboard - used it all in one go!
awh your welcome and so are you! (:
YES! MT : Todays union isn’t about protecting the avg worker, it’s about protecting the progressive movement in America
"i'm high up in the sky, i'm on like 4 planes".. Um sorry but that's not scientifically possible sir...
HAPPY FALL BREAK!!! We knw embark on 10 glorious days of no school (for the kids at least)
I couldn't even hear him....This announcement needed subtitles. At least Amile picked Duke and not State
people make me laugh!
his friend Aric
pinterest is helpful personally since I teach classes and list suggested gear there & fb
Off them take hurt in walk you shoes the if.
Adventures walking around downtown Xi'an at midnight and getting locked out of the underpass
REMINDER: Bachelor/ette meeting on Sunday, April 17 1:30 PM. Bring $ from ticket sales, VIP names, charming personalities :)
i'll slit your throat
I think that whole stream made perfect sense. Kudos to you for saying it.
Think of midnight as getting a very early jump on tomorrow! :-)
i'm literally so happy, now. <3333
#top10lies I'm going to start my diet on Monday.
if im louder would you see me?- well id hate to break t to ya but people hear you before they see you first anyway so.....
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
pound the alarm!
so awake at 5 am :P
i just love :'D
I really liked tonight. In my book, there aren't many things that a greater than staying up until 5 talking with friends.
It's doing really well. No bad seats for this show. We'd be happy to help!
Sometime our blessings in life come early .. sometimes they come late.. but there always on time...
thanks lady!! I'll check Zagat out.
RT Only 30 minutes until our lucky 2 o'clock winner is selected!! RT RT for a chance to win tickets to the one and only
COMING SOON: New 5-Out Motion Offense (2 Parts) and Customized Man-to-Man Defense videos. Easy to teach/Easy to learn.
Eggs and sausage...and salsa chips?? OK Mom.
“For the LORD is our judge, the LORD is our lawgiver, the LORD is our king; it is he who will save us.” -Isaiah 33:22 (NIV)
RT Jaimie Cloud fr is here at Kamehameha. Teachers are buzzing and there's good work to come tomorrow. Canʻt wait!
That awkward clap you do when something is really funny..
lulz. On purpose? An American voting #Republicrat is like a chicken voting for Colonel Sanders...
Wholetime im high and been just sitting in the car in front of my crib for almost an hour now lol
thanks for coming out fellas. Always a good time.
Eating Jimmy John's and using the wifi at Starbucks. This is going to be a fat time for me.
Fingers crossed for the right place. It is exciting to hear that you're heading that way.
Real Interesting Blog, Keith!
thank u for #peacefrombrokenpieces as I was reading I felt myself become my best me, my warrior woman, bless u for sharing!
This is where the Kinect seems to come into it’s own
Thanks for the retweet!
I love my right and my bff my sista thanks my
I cnt breath
omg...i hope she gets demoted for all of this
after this season I AM OFFICIALLY DONE W/IDOL!!
still some good free tools as Glen mentions | RT : I
The new girl on espn!! <333333
I love it when a hot guy in your school gives you a hug but not any other girl. Lmfao that's funny as fuck. ahahahahaha.
I love peanut butter.
Four weeks left for this quarter; I'm ready for a break.
Hunt: can't exclude ppl with the guns from the table, but can get a bigger table to include women, youth.
travel shampoo and conditioner in case you don't like hotel stuff, pantyhose, Advil, heels, flats, little black dress
Why is my sister So annoying?
♪ ♫ When you're alone / And life is making you lonely / You can always go / To the darkest caverns of your soul / To drown in the void ♪ ♫
so what? it's still rubbish, overdone and annoying
this is not what it appears to be my porn bot followers
Man, those are big names next to little ole me!
What happened? “ Sorry to hear about what happened to Tyler Perry studios...”
Going to watch my bro kick ass in baseball
Thank man! I appreciate you taking the time to listen.
The problem of overlapping hierarchies is written all the way down the computational stack.
Happy birthday Ryan!(:
whoa! Did someone say M&M's? Are we planning a post race weekend lunch for next week or what?
Congratulations to Antonia Grilikhes-Lasky, Audience Choice Winner : Brooklyn Brooklyn Arts Council. We are proud to sponsor the award
Wow. Can't believe he said that. Sad that some ppl still think that way.
Start your day off with one of our 50 yummy egg dishes, grilled red potatoes, & fresh baked scone (with raspberry freezer jam)!
it's not what it's all cracked out 2 b kinda boring if u ask me
Let's go
Submarine. Bob's Burgers. Uncle Boonmee...
sory my iPod is being gay:/
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU AND HAPPY 16th!
im just bored aha
Much Aloha ! Eat Well.
M4 Mini Movies showing on Thurs. at 6 pm @ SECCA. All videos are being screened. Some out and see what folks can do with an iPhone! FREE.
Tom Smedinghoff at #idtrust, who chairs ABA Identity Management Task Force, notes requirements for business/tech rules & legal rules
Watched the #KCA and saw !!!!!!<3 #directioner for life!!! I love you guys!!!<3(:
happy birthday brotha!
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
remind me to clean up. tomorrow ;)
agree with Jenn! You're an amazing mom because your daughter is...she must get it from her mama 
Sure u want your team to win, but just as, if not more important, is ragging on that UofL/UK fan you hate at work, etc..
hi back! How are you??
HA! You are fully capable of doing both - and tweeting at the same time. Carry on.
is the sexiest man alive
What do you have to do for the M&G's?
Why does the Toyota Prius commercial look like an Old Navy one? I feel like I need to buy khakis and not a car.
The perfect end to 2 long hard days working toward UAT... a tall glass of milk and some Lorna Doones. Now just waiting for defects ... sigh
Amber Heard is such a babe !
"Cash can buy, but it takes enthusiasm to sell."
Almost got everything packed to move.
Tom, thanks for the follow. So I gotta ask brother, how do you know you're the 3rd oldest person on Twitter? ;)
(2/2) Will the GSU decision provide incentive for unis/libs to get involved in supporting open textbook initiatives?
get parents like.mine! Lol
Thanks for sharing. It's always helpful to see how other universities address #socialmedia use.
Makes sense. RT : by supporting marriage of course. Eye roll at fox news for their illogical attacks
I knew they were but i didn't know they were starting TOMORROW jeez
thx for the follow! Would love to help you out!
That nerdy moment when the dentist is drilling on my teeth and I think the sound sounds like a lightsaber war.
Totally enjoyed 's performance at last night!
one reason I'm at the parish anniv is to meet richard hunt. I took a pic of the work I own by him to show him. He remembers it! I'm siked!
BLAH!! when my cell phone rings i see the last numbers 7000 i shake! but no oh just wondering when your available to retest again... BLAH!!!
I'm sure its all rumors .
I bought a popstar magazine just so I could read your part (: I dont even like magazines. Hehehe
In the past 24 hours I have had 3 tests, 1 quiz, 1 presentation, and a lab report due. My spring break has officially begun!!!
Your Tryna Test Me , Your Gonna Fail
DYLAN IS AT WRIGLEY FIELD HE's 20 MINUTES FROM MY HOUSE SOMEONE TAKE ME TO THE CUBS GAME
Rez at Chez intact. Quite a crowd joining me, but you'll b missed :( details later
following back =)
Definitely! Swing by and "test play" them sometime! Look forward to seeing you! :)
have a gorgeous day. :)
it's not my birthday. It's next week.
You are so beautiful..to me
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
whats popping big bra?
Looks like this will be the end of that show 😒
Going to start on Soul Calibur V.
A big shout out to Jon Lovitz for proactively and powerfully protecting his daughter. Good role-modeling, Jon!
I missed you luv, how u been? (:
It's Friday and I'm letting my hair down. Let the weekend begin
Lawler returns as the Cardinals take over on the 24-yard line, down 28-7. Six left in the half.
your awesome!
You always know when I'm tweeting about us, don't you?
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Taking off for Atlanta! Can't wait to be back in my favorite part of the country, DC tonight
hahahaha yea bitch!
when are you guys going to support at&t locked iphone?
love the new icons
CD Release show @ Rex Theater, Pittsburgh PA on July 2nd! Be there! ITs gonna be the best show yet!
thanks for the RT! you rock!
It's game time! Go VCU! :)
you better!
Although this is a day of great celebration WI did lose 2 great Senators. Thank you Senators Kapanke & Hopper for standing up for my future!
because, I love ME
Getting ready for the Tigers game. We'll find out if Fister really is that good and our defense has to be better tonight. Let's go #Tigers!
Thanks GOTG! Hope to see your stilettos and flats at The Red Rabbit soon. Cocktails, anyone?
"Hey did you bring enough breasts for the rest of the class?"
I tried to get to the Leyton years but every other couple on that show is a damn snoozefest
Seth, I'm here with would love to chat after presentations about your properties' social media efforts.
Press Conference going on right now RI.P. WHITNEY
I'm not your friend anymore ....and I really don't care ..cuz u wasn't to much of a friend anyway. Dueces
Stop glorifying Che, dude was a psycho.
Hey my name is big t I'm about to be on MTV haha
My wife found a fun new place, YogurTea, where if your yogurt weighs exactly 9 ounces, it's free! 's yogurt weighed 14 oz. haha
W-Limo launches it's newest promotional campaign "Stab The Cab" to encourage YOU to swap a dodgy cab for a luxury sedan service 847-655-2559
I'm sorry sir, I don't understand? Please elaborate :)
Wrangling up facts for the annual Seminary Fact Book. I like to think of it as a gift to the seminary archivists of the future.
Dear God, man. Wth kind of karma is coming at you?
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you.
I think Zach from Reed College is going to be stuck with the nickname "Magic Hand" for a while...
Thanks, man. It's awful.
In a world without fences and walls, who needs Gates and Windows?
Correct! Give and take! RT : It's as honorable to sell as it is to buy
That shouldn't be a shock she didnt want u 2 beat her up lol
#WeAllNeed somebody to lean on. :D
thanks for the #ff love!
RT is looking for a Sr level Exchange Engineer in Richmond, Va. Excellent compensation package!
You know it's a good day when Ghostface Killah is a clue on the crossword
Last comment. I don't understand why is making a HUGE deal on how Philly beat us... WE DONT HAVE OUR 2 BEST PLAYERS!!!! That is all.
I don't know if parenthood is blissful for all, but being the mother of this little girl is HEAVEN on Earth! LOVE HER!
Voting now on #Budget4All, supports robust safety net w/ invstmts in child nutrition, affordable housing, and
RT : he needs to to be out and about. Sure would like to see him ^_^ <~ WE SHALL BE
A #HappyThanksgiving to
One hour until #ICT4D live discussion with in #TC104. Can't wait!
You're too sweet. I'm leaning on your inspiration today, Geoff! RT GET BETTER! Twitter needs your inspiration!
hi F :) what is name of #Twitter app/site u referenced recently i think that lets u tweet your 'open office' hours on twitter?
this is not my fault i blame my parents
Getting to finally meet up with to chat and get some tea! :))))
And the cast is off! Thanks to all my awesome friends who came to visit and hang out with me last week!
Riding with my mama listening to burbons and lacs
Yearbook photos and stories of Willard Mitt Romney in today's NYTimes a reminder that you don't need Facebook to be haunted by your past.
Her response was "Its so Western to divorce, start a new family, and keep in touch w/ your first set of kids"
Are you 'training' for a sport, or 'exercising' for a better quality of life? There's a difference. CG Philosophie.
#MarchMadness prep is underway in Louisville...four games here tomorrow...lots to do!
RT : I just bought my #Titanic Exhibition tickets. I CAN'T WAIT. I have been dreaming of this since I was 5. Thanks <3
you betta tell Kobe & Ron Ron to download then homie! LOL
don't think they do, unfortunately. When you come to Chicago, consider it my treat.
Get ahead of the game & consult w/ before the end of the year. Trust us you won’t regret it!
Link out to authority sites reinforcing points in your content, says
Today I've watch the Mighty Ducks trilogy, the Wall, and now Team America: World Police…. What a strange selection of movies for one day
Was that the 21 gun salute behind the hounds?
Can't wait to see u there either Thomas!!! ^.^
yes at an Arbys in Manhattan. Where your $8 roast beef becomes a $38 sandwich.
SAVE THE DATE: September 10, 2011, Yards Park, 4-10pm - BEER & BBQ - TICKETS COMING SOON!
very impressive!
O'Hare, how I love thee. The way you hold on to me just a little too long each time I pass through. Your coyly concealed power outlets.
At the UW Madison terrace. I forgot how friendly college students are. Making quick friends with those around me.
That's nuts.
We just started #nosework last weekend and it's so much fun - enjoying your posts!
haha. I wish. I clearly don't excel at tweeting yet. Dude. U r the man!! Miss u bro
The are no answers to love, success, or happiness. That is the beauty of it all.. No answers. Just life & adventure.
I love how my parents call me dumb..
TELL ME I'M A SCREWED UP MESS, THAT I NEVER LISTEN LISTEN! TELL ME YOU DON'T WANT MY KISS, THAT YOU NEED YOUR DISTANCE, DISTANCE
I took a shower can out and my doggie was at the door waiting for me...<3
we open back up tomorrow at 11:00am, come in and enjoy lunch...don't forget Happy Hour!
thank you thank you!!!! :)
I forgot about this twitter!
Well have fun and hope she has a lovely birthday! xox
UPDATE 2-Telus withdraws unifed-share plan; profit rises
is Angel feeling better?(:
that's great! We look forward to seeing you soon.
Usher AND Will Ferrell on SNL tonight?? I think I just jizzed my pants.
well then. but mines better. you wouldn't have copied it if it wasnt and you know it. and oh Julie go home. 🏠😒
Have you seen their breakfast menu?? We've been craving it all day...we would settle for a taco though!
Fort Skeezy ain't seen the likes of me yet
excellent! We are delicious ;o). Looking forward to meeting you. We love all of our customers.
LA County Fair was a lot of fun.
Eager to read yours: MY LIFE WITH STELLA KANE.
There's something about men that drive trucks ;*
Since when did you have a twitter?!!!
oh and get my tumbling.
just play with it you will figure it out ...RT
I hate when you have like 45 hair ties, then your friends come over then you have like none.
“: there's no such thing as a "girl code"” there was, not anymore tho...
POCKET PAL.
shoutout to thanks for the Follow!!
adri got lost and mom's mad. Now were all in trouble
After a long day I like to kick back with my headphones on and drift away in rhymes
uuuggghh hate being sick! and tomorrow is friday!
80 percent of the houses sold in Pike Township are under $150,000. 20 percent are above $150,000.
Brother she's all country ;)
No offense, but I need intellectual stimulation and I feel stupider for just having net you
I wonder what kind of excitement my commute holds for me this AM???
Stop ignoring me:( plz follow
Gotta love when Potter Puppet Pals skits get stuck in your head. "Harry Potter. Harry Potter."
RT : The is doing great things on ! Definitely worth checking out.
Well this is depressing.
Great Saturday with Loving that he's back in DC!
when are you going to come visit Baltimore? I think you'd have fun here
grand opening is sat. the 19th. discounted rides & free hot dogs/sodas! come on down, eat & enjoy the sun on the bay! 562.5GO.2HYD
how many times over the past yr have you been solicited by attorneys and agents to join the concussion lawsuits?
I wish i could make her one less lonely girl <3
CINCO DE MAYO
Really wish I didn't have to go back home tonight.
Glad to hear it's working.
you're welcome, happy day
What a clusterfuck of a nonproductive day.
just as funny and raunchy as ever. U gotta see it : )
#wherecamptb2012 getting some hot coffee for #Unconference today, starting at 10am.
Online organizing has not and cannot replace community organizing. It enhances it.
if only you were in atl you could watch me get weird out solo tonight!
Have a great time and get us a win!
Each person is born to one possession which out values all his others - his last breath - Mark Twain
And!!!! Lol! RT : Everybody and they momma want to start dieting right before summer..
This made my day! Much love! RT : The only brand i wear is its my favorite!
its like messi's and pique's goal vs real madrid
Pedro's error costs the Bucs a run. To the Bottom of 4... 3-1 Pirates.
5403540003 just call me for the hell of it.
The mixtape sounds good with great production value. You should be proud!
Just heard the good news! So happy for you!
Cats fed. Meeting with #JWs this PM. Recordkeeping this AM.
YOU KNOW WHO!
Too late.
women think with they cat sometimes lol
: The best part of the #BlackBerry Innovation Forum was seeing the live demo of #PlayBook 2.0 and Balance.
thanks lina. I do now! looks great! RT Do you know about ?
Mariano Rivera...switched attention to become mechanic; baseball as hobby, scouts 1st saw him playing SS, he pitched due to player shortage
RT : We put the libations into the librarians! Hope you enjoyed #txla12 we did! thank's for your wonderful hospitality!
If Blizz wasn't so busy making new pets to sell, they totally would've already developed a talent to reduce that CD /trollface
amen you tell him Mr. Booker.
Get Well Soon!
I hate you! Uh
so full of cheese right now after visiting Farmstead ( ) with
That is unflappable no matter the situation. She rolls with the punches!!! Great job Nat!
. and are just around the corner. We will be at booth 5201 at #JavaOne and 640 at
Tired of being walked on n tooken for granted, tired of being put on the back burner n 2nd to others, TIME FOR ME TO BE #1 !
who has the power in ? is it the teachers, main office, the school board, or the community?
I've done my share and probably have one more later this year...it's been great to me but time to go!
Always good to know we have another ally! Thank you. :-) At least Maryland recently stepped up.
My brothers flipping out over American idol. Chill out trev, its just a show.
Many foot disorders in #dogs are related to long toenails. Check your dog's nails once a month and trim when necessary, avoiding the vein
Yes all good for sure
I already have it planed it's all about the timing
Long day at work? Come unwind at #Fridays! It's #DJ Night and Little B will start spinning your favorite hits at 9pm!
Ugly On The Skin . Lovely From Within . ♥
Heading to Woodburn to join the coverage of the 4-alarm fire at the high school. at 4,5,&6.
On the road! Headed to Disneyland with the kids!
listen to 9-9:30am "My song is better than your song" contest & challenge somerville mayor
EVERYTHING'S UP!! WE'VE BEEN GONE FOR LONG, HOW ARE Y'ALL DOIN'? XD
Hello world! Just checking in!
:D Welcome
Awww. Thanks, Atom!! You know, requests are always welcome!
yeah mondays with , justin bowden, nelson helland, randy, janac, kelby. U still runnin with dorn and wes?
Need a sampling to get #pcbw started? I will be tonight from 6-8.
#lighttheweed n take off!
no worries! Is really fun! I have class tomorrow.
Big series win for the Orioles. Roughed up James Shields in a losing effort today..impressive
can we please hang out when everyone comes back home?!
omg see I knew it I'm so smart. Lol jk.
What's the name of the article Damien?
haha of course I'm still alive!! Just been #toobusytotweet :/ are you alive?
My BMI showcase show is tomorrow Weds!!! Come on out!! Very important show. Starts at 6pm sharp at the Basement here in Nashville.
About to knock out this paper tho
where is she?
dislikes holding an umbrella more than being wet.
hey ray, how the hell are you?
Thanks for the mention, Kay. Have a great Tuesday!
but c'mon Chris that tweet was just dumb. I'm sure Bron and Brown took a legit arse kickin'. Them dudes wasn't in ever game
I'm a poet and they didn't know it! :-)
what do you mean... Do you not like me?:/ because you always say hi to me!:(
Oh yeah!!! RT daisy duke Thursday[; “ A Little Bit of Texas tonight =) oh and saturday haha”
That was the best D ND has played all night
Not so great day.. maybe sleep will make it better hm..
If gov't keeps raising the tax on cigs they'll become a luxury item...which is...genius.
Happy Easter!!
what pain brub?
I've become that woman. I've been gone a whole day and I miss my puppy uncontrollably. Judge away!
I don't care if it is the person's last name.. this is not the best headline for a press release: Stoner Receives Appreciation Award
That's not an ERA. It's an Area Code.
“: also daily mass mailings as well, he's more annoying than the head on commercials” yep; getting those, too.
WHAT? twitpic. right now.
YAH baby!! Same w/ ur roommie! All for sharing a great message!
If NBC cancels Parks & Rec or Community, I will burn that motherfucker down. DOWN. TO. THE. GROUND.
lmao , i guess so .
The what, now?! lol..
The Sultan Of Swat!
I have to clean this french press once in a while.
Countdown to Starbucks time: 3 hours
Do you want Italian for dinner?
now imagine if we were sponsored by Monster, the beverage?
Maintaining a Christ-like mindset is difficult during finals, can't let exhaustion cloud the cross.. Gotta keep going. To God be the Glory.
I'm so tired my eyes are seeing doubles like I'm drunk
thanks for the shout out.
Today is going to be a roller coaster of emotions...
Hello from a super windy Fort Wayne. Lots to do today.
Thanks for the RT ! We are all fired up over here and ready for Milwaukee's version of "Iron Chef"!
Excellent advice from at #wommu: Start every meeting with a customer story!
In search of adult orphans who were abandoned and never adopted but found success in life, family, and professionally for book I am writing.
Its hard for me not to want you all to myself. <3 :x
Happy Tuesday ! Thanks for following us.
Plan for the day: Drop bro off 4 game at 10, then go to doctors office 4 me, then go to my friends house 4 kennywood
you're welcome:)!
Packing our new #ecofriendly inks for Uganda!
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback ;)
Wtf do they like about him bo
There's no way it's only 70 degrees in Portland right now. I'm dying.
Considering a schedule that will have online and offline 111 classes on different essay schedules. It only makes sense
I sure am, we're rolling deep to the LATE Ride!
Tweet me.I need people to chat with to get my mind over this.Who wants to make a twitter group of friends?<3
it worked! Haha thanks
I'm gonna go to work today and play guitar. Have fun with whatever it is you do.
Haha no problem :) You'll have fun with it!
Spoken like a true wise man.
great disney channel movie
Directing an ATOM.TV-funded webseries pilot called "Two Girls One Cop" all weekend, get in touch if you'd like to help or visit--
Good news, 2012 Fringe & 24 Hour Festival is a go for the Fall. More details soon.
k...? that wasnt even a video
Alas, Homi is farther from our new location than the old. But not that much.
Picking up my new car tomorrow!!
Music Video Website Vevo Wants to Tell You What to Listen To
shout out!!! To the baddest dude at marquee lv and the NHL!
Sexy ;D
Lol I'm mad lonely n shit. left me hangin n shit dis crazy. I new it thoe. Time to go out wit my niqqas
agh i hate u..go again lol
hi missy!! Good to see you here
All access conferenc. culture happens by default or by design
Me too re: the mint chocolate malt balls at #pii2012! my fitness tracker on is going to score me poorly lol
Does anybody now if there's a radio feed for the USA game? I'm using a school computer and I can't download any plugins or flash.
Next time I get stopped by the police they might as well take me to jail cause I'm gone catch a case on they ass. Tired of this shit!
God grant me the senility 2 forget people I never liked anyway, the good fortune 2 run in2 ones I do, & the eyesight 2 tell the difference.
Don't even try
I just miss you, and want you by my side.
Who was at our set yesterday at RockSprings Church!?
Early bed for jaclyn. Im too tired.
History repeats itself, i'm an OF soldier.
Okay with Clifton out of the mix what is GB game plan for his position?...since Clifton even with a bum back was their best OL..
At branding seminar. Only way I recognized Corp of Engineers in "guess the brand" was because they are big on Twitter!
Univision is starting to annoy me repeating them novelas nobody liked year after year ugh
Sunnyslope & Greenfield for lunch today!
have a fun vacation!!
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
So your "busy schedule" this summer was to skip meals bitch? Join the XFactor or release some music. 😡😡😡😡
How to Lose Friends and Alienate People
Josh Hamilton must of blown a shitload of coke tonight
Wow...Wednesday. This week is already flying by. A big thanks to all of our clients for a great start to 2012!
Oh , So NOW YOu Want Me too Call Youu Back . Ummpt , Ima See Bout It (;
Q5 going to expensive lib school got me the jobs i've had in libs
MIND FUCKED :O
Whoever trended #BeliebersAreAllStupid , should go in a closet or something...smh
Has Bounce!!!
Looking for awesome antiques & found a #Pucci scarf in the process. A Pucci scarf for $5.
Great Whovian shirt by on today! Get it for ONLY $10!
Smoke is now smoking'. Looking for good #NASCAR finishes for #14 and #11 tonight in
Going to be another #epic weekend
I AM A PROFESSIONAL...PROFESSIONAL!
Take note, ! ;) RT CODE BLACK WHITE GRAY!
Who's ready for our big update tomorrow?
"Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you." Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh my god. jc follows me on keek. ;D
So pack your bags real good baby, because you'll be gone for awhile
They're gonna make me hand them my phone & all of my jewelry. No tweets for an entire hour. How will I survive?
I tried to tell ya :)
Start tweeting! What makes you proud of ? Tweet
Some girl staring at me in science. LESBIAN
so todays the last day in florida. how sad....
IF THIS COUNTRY'S GOV. IS OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE THEN WE CAN'T BE BROKE, THE COST OF THE CAMPAIGNS PROVE THAT!! lol !!
i already know yall do nasty stuff in public! Bt yeah get a room, and remeber to hide the condoms... Ha
i make the most of it
I read them
I love the blind side. Probs a new fav...
Love the new single!! Your voice is incredible ;-)
Just felt a TEMBLOR. Now to launch the USC DISASTER APP designed by the folks at CST!
He loves to show off that scar
Seeing the matinee showing for the avengers #cheapsuperfan ;)
Let the rain fall down & wake my dreams let it wash away my sanity cuz I wanna feel the thunder i wanna scream let the rain fall come clean.
ur talking to one of the promoters...no press passes, but we could arrange something. How can we get coverage w/u?
And someone fire up Maier on Alert Five. He's getting spot starts.
I hear a little bit of thunder comin from outside...
I think the only way to be further behind in Code Academy than me is to never have begun...
Its all good Troy Murphy's in the game
Good luck to and the rest of the Bulls as they take on the 76ers today ..
Are Leaders Born or Made?
